HYP: was struck by floodwaters that was powerful
REF: by raging floodwaters that were powerful enough

HYP: and several tourists had to be evacuated.
REF: and several tourists had to be evacuated.

HYP: is at 13.89.7 feet.
REF: crested at 13.88 feet,

HYP: A community near to Gaza
REF: A community near the gates of Yellowstone,

HYP: News reports said
REF: News reports said

HYP: a man with a handgun entered into a sports venue
REF: a man carrying a handgun entered a sports complex

HYP: Police officers arrived in about three minutes
REF: Police officers were at the scene in two minutes

HYP: They found the gunman in the bay area.
REF: and found the gunman in the gymnasium and shot at him.

HYP: No others were injured except the gunman was killed.
REF: Nobody was injured, only the gunman was killed.

HYP: The war in Ukraine,
REF: The war in Ukraine is now

HYP: he believes that GitHub's AI chatbot LaTome
REF: that Google’s artificially intelligent chatbot named LaMDA

HYP: and waking up to his own consciousness
REF: and is self-aware.

HYP: look to see if the robot will use discrimination or hate
REF: to see if the robot would use discriminatory or hate speech,

HYP: Lemoine posted a document of a "system"
REF: Lemonie posted a paper that is sort of a transcript

HYP: various questions on lines with LaLanda.
REF: of different questions he asked LaMDA.

HYP: to focus on the other ones.
REF: to help me focus on helping others.”

HYP: and was put on paid administrative leave.
REF: that he was placed on paid administrative leave,

HYP: released it to the public.
REF: so he decided to go public.

HYP: there is no evidence to support Leno's statements.
REF: there is no evidence to support Lemoine’s claims.

HYP: lazy and believes that LeMonir was just spreading.
REF: believe that Lemoine is exaggerating.

HYP: it's called SPASZ in the song.
REF: “spaz” in it.

HYP: The term is said to be offensive to
REF: The term is considered derogatory

HYP: It is based on Spatial Diplopicia, the type of CCP.
REF: is based on “spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy.”

HYP: The term is more commonly in the U.K. for anger.
REF: The word is more commonly used as an insult in the U.K.

HYP: that hurt a lot.
REF: hurtful language hurled towards them

HYP: and waits to see the world.
REF: she’s been waiting to see in the world.

HYP: He said he hopes days to be owned an NBA team.
REF: said he hopes to one day own a NBA franchise.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: sailing out on.
REF: their foundations.

HYP: a 24 rapp in May.
REF: a 27-year-old in May.

HYP: Police said the suspect was arrested on Tuesday
REF: Police said the suspect was arrested on Tuesday,

HYP: admitted to the crime, was charged with felony rape and
REF: confessed to the crime, was charged with felony rape,

HYP: Trump said the idea of you being a little girl,
REF: Biden said, "Imagine being that little girl...

HYP: for the presidency in 2024.
REF: the presidency in 2024.

HYP: including three children.
REF: including three children.

HYP: Four children were hospitalized.
REF: including four children, were hospitalized.

HYP: The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
REF: the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.

HYP: fight disease, lower child mortality and deal with climate change
REF: fight diseases, reduce childhood deaths, address climate change,

HYP: the world's richest people.
REF: the world's richest people one day.

HYP: He said he feels he is responsible to give back
REF: He said he feels he has an obligation to return

HYP: His currently has a net worth of $114 billion.
REF: currently has a net worth of $114 billion,

HYP: bring to a private company and not public investment.
REF: it will become a privately held company.

HYP: was suspended permanently after the January 6 attack on
REF: which was permanently suspended after the January 6 attack

HYP: Truth Social and said that he would stay on the platform.
REF: Truth Social and said he would stick with that platform.

HYP: from slavery.
REF: to slavery.

HYP: board leader officers kidnapped over 70 people
REF: staff, and leaders enslaved more than 70 individuals

HYP: 11 of 12 from a forthcoming movie,
REF: about 12 seconds from the upcoming Marvel film,

HYP: the sentence of death.
REF: punishable by death.

HYP: because to oppose new laws instructing
REF: out in opposition of a new law that bans instruction or

HYP: discuss LGBTQ+ issues in elementary schools.
REF: classroom discussion of LGBTQ+ topics in elementary schools.

HYP: to provide Ukraine with weapons to
REF: to keep providing Ukraine with weapons and

HYP: German army in Germany.
REF: an air base in Germany.

HYP: Rep. Madison Cawor (R-California) tried to carry a gun with a gun in 2013
REF: Rep. Madison Cawthorn (R-NC) tried to bring a loaded gun

HYP: the building.
REF: of the gun.

HYP: It is the second time that Cooperman has tried to bring
REF: It is the second time Cawthorn was stopped trying to bring

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: Fortunately, others saw the video had snow plowers
REF: Fortunately, some who saw the livestream had a snowplow

HYP: that he considered a part of his family.
REF: she is now considered family.

HYP: It shows how dangerous balls in Buffalo are.
REF: It just shows how dangerous the blizzard in Buffalo was.

HYP: Another sports events recently occurred
REF: Another story that has recently emerged is

HYP: He was only nine minutes away from his home and
REF: She was only six minutes away from her home

HYP: was trapped by snow.
REF: when she became stuck in the blizzard.

HYP: he called 911 and was waiting for first responders
REF: She called 911 and waited for first responders

HYP: A Buffalo city official said most of his snow mowing equipment
REF: A city official said most of its snow-clearing equipment

HYP: Ronaldis is 95 years old.
REF: Benedict is 95 years old.

HYP: and said resigned due to his health decline.
REF: He said he resigned due to declining health.

HYP: from his past.
REF: about his past.

HYP: to concerns that they would be.
REF: about the people's concerns.

HYP: The Supreme Court voted 5-4 to 9 to maintain a policy
REF: The Supreme Court voted 5-4 to keep in effect a policy from

HYP: the Trump administration that allowed the U.S. to
REF: the Trump administration that allowed the U.S. to

HYP: until the end of June.
REF: at least until the end of June.

HYP: three liberal judges judged.
REF: three liberal judges who dissented, saying

HYP: The White House said they would comply with
REF: The White House said they would comply with

HYP: the Supreme Court's decision that they will prepare
REF: the Supreme court's decision and would make preparations on

HYP: Two friends Asian girls were going to a restaurant in Ineau
REF: two Asian friends were eating at an In-N-Out restaurant and

HYP: out claims and that he was angry,
REF: a clever comment, the man became angry and

HYP: a 40-year-old man from denver named
REF: a 40-year-old man from Denver named

HYP: formerly with the man.
REF: the past about the man.

HYP: Axios reported that two of the leaders plotted
REF: Axios reported that two of the leaders of the plot to

HYP: for their role in the plot to kidnap the governor to
REF: their roles in the plot to kidnap the governor at

HYP: It is April 6.
REF: It is April 6.

HYP: On Wednesday, Indiana Governor Hidalgo signed a bill
REF: On Wednesday, Indiana Gov. Holcomb signed a bill

HYP: ban gender-affirming support for minors.
REF: that ban gender-affirming care for minors.

HYP: The AG's office conducted an investigation
REF: The AG's office conducted an investigation

HYP: on Wednesday.
REF: on Wednesday.

HYP: And he said the operators often give permissions to go
REF: They said abusers were often given the opportunity to

HYP: for their visitors.
REF: what they have found.

HYP: a league of a donor from a Republican reporter for
REF: luxury trips from a Republican megadonor for

HYP: others said Stephen should investigate and be dismissed.
REF: Others said Thomas should be investigated or even impeached.

HYP: his body was brought up in investigation and
REF: His body was exhumed, investigated,

HYP: after repository.
REF: and now it's reburied.

HYP: A Skypex video showed that some people were suspected
REF: A Netflix documentary showed that some people suspected

HYP: -Andrew and Ted.
REF: that Buster and Smith were in.

HYP: Trump was openly gay.
REF: Smith was openly gay.

HYP: Biden recently said he was not involved in death and asked for
REF: Buster recently said he denies any involvement and asked for

HYP: the Agency stop sending outings.
REF: the media to stop publishing rumors.

HYP: delivering wild butterfly pathogens to open to others.
REF: kidnapping a wild platypus and showing it off to others.

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: It is Wednesday, September 21.
REF: It is Wednesday, September 21.

HYP: News analysts say it may be the reason for Putin
REF: News analysts said Putin may be making this move

HYP: a Category 1 hurricane that has intensified to
REF: a Category 1 storm, has strengthened into

HYP: later nightly or Wednesday morning and
REF: tomorrow night or early Friday and then

HYP: near the Canadian Atlantic coast on Friday afternoon.
REF: approach Canada's Atlantic provinces late Friday.

HYP: Currently there is only 26 percent of the island has power.
REF: As of today, only 26% of the island had power.

HYP: One person died from being thrown in
REF: One person was killed after he was swept away

HYP: The second person inspired to die by trying to put
REF: the second burned to death after he tried to fill

HYP: The FDA said they've been receiving teenagers
REF: The FDA said they've received reports of teenagers

HYP: The AG said his office has sent a criminal
REF: The AG said her office has made a criminal referral to

HYP: the U.S. Department of Justice and to the IRS.
REF: the U.S. Department of Justice and the IRS.

HYP: violent with falsehood or law.
REF: has nothing to do with facts or the law.

HYP: Attorney said they're eager to protect Trump
REF: She said she looks forward to defending Trump in

HYP: in the justice system.
REF: the judicial system.

HYP: New York City star player Aaron Judge beat
REF: The New York Yankees star player Aaron Judge hit

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: It is Thursday, October 27th.
REF: It is Thursday, October 27.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: Elon Musk visited the headquarters of Twitter at
REF: Elon Musk visited the headquarters of Twitter

HYP: Donald Trump's account.
REF: Donald Trump's account,

HYP: that borders on Texas and South Texas.
REF: which borders Texas' southern tip.

HYP: Senators moved to a room to end
REF: Legislators moved to another room to finish their debate

HYP: pass it.
REF: and vote.

HYP: located in Central.
REF: plants in the Midwest.

HYP: a frozen stool was stolen in Nebraska.
REF: loads of frozen beef were stolen in Nebraska.

HYP: after taxation.
REF: after taxes are taken out.

HYP: that anyone should be
REF: So someone has to be really, really, really lucky.

HYP: from Tennessee, was sentenced to 7.6 years
REF: who is from Tennessee, was sentenced to 7.5 years

HYP: FPFA officer suffered a heart attack on that day and
REF: Fanone sustained a heart attack on that day and

HYP: He's been removed from the D.C. Police Department.
REF: has since resigned from the D.C. police department.

HYP: fire of flames.
REF: burst into flames.

HYP: it is not known whether he had an attorney.
REF: they do not know if he has retained an attorney.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: His name is Byrne Davis.
REF: called ByteDance.

HYP: NTX has over 1 billion monthly users in the world.
REF: TikTok has over 1 billion monthly users in the world.

HYP: storage items caught on fire on Saturday morning and
REF: facility went up into flames on Tuesday morning and

HYP: A NYPD officer said there's a lot of biological evidence
REF: An NYPD official said there was a lot of biological evidence

HYP: crimes, robberies, and threats.
REF: from past crimes, burglaries, shooting incidents, and others.

HYP: Firefighters tried to stop the fire inside
REF: Firefighters tried to stop the fire by going inside

HYP: set up three fireboats and drones to try
REF: Three marine fireboats and drones were brought in

HYP: Eight people had mild injuries from the fire.
REF: Eight people had minor injuries from the fire.

HYP: Elon Musk of Twitter suspended a popular Twitter account
REF: Elon Musk's Twitter suspended a popular Twitter account

HYP: offered the lawmaker's owner, 20-year-old Jack Serry offered
REF: he offered the account owner, 20-year-old Jack Sweeney,

HYP: $2,000 to remove the account.
REF: $5,000 to delete his account.

HYP: then it has changed.
REF: What changed?

HYP: "a sitting governor is a threat to democracy".
REF: kill a sitting governor is a threat to democracy itself.

HYP: Arizona's elected Kathy Homes (D) as its new governor.
REF: Arizona elected Katie Hobbs (D) as their new governor and

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: President Biden approved the controversial oil gas
REF: President Biden approved a controversial oil and gas

HYP: Many people are opposed to the wrong move
REF: There are many people who say this is the wrong move and

HYP: cities and our climate.
REF: communities and our climate.

HYP: President Biden gave a speech today to
REF: President Biden gave an address today to try

HYP: There is another bank in New York called
REF: There was another bank in New York,

HYP: Federal officials said that all those who have money in the banks
REF: Federal officials said everyone who had deposits in the banks

HYP: called 911 but the child was dead.
REF: They called 911 but the child died at the scene.

HYP: The man was hospitalized and were worried that
REF: The man was taken to a hospital and it was feared that

HYP: An Ohio official said Zebre wasn't listed on dangerous
REF: An Ohio official said zebras are not on the list of dangerous,

HYP: It is February 13.
REF: It is February 13.

HYP: The element is a phyllistic ridge
REF: The object is described as "cylindrical" and

HYP: smaller but is similar to a spy balloon.
REF: was smaller, but similar to the South Carolina balloon.

HYP: It was the three objects fired in a single day.
REF: So, it is three objects shot down in three consecutive days.

HYP: the eastern Turkey near the border with rice.
REF: southeastern Turkiye, near its border with Syria.

HYP: give $30 million to help victims of the earthquake.
REF: donated $30 million to help quake victims.

HYP: Some political leaders have accused Turkish President Erdogan
REF: Some political leaders have blamed Turkish President Erdogan

HYP: for his failure to enforce building laws.
REF: for failing to enforce building regulations.

HYP: yesterday on February 2.
REF: committed suicide on February 2.

HYP: the school in Eron County.
REF: at her school in Ocean County.

HYP: The father said he wouldn't stay awake until
REF: The father said he will "not sleep' until

HYP: to.
REF: It's a coincidence.

HYP: George Ball 527 last night in Golden, Arizona.
REF: Super Bowl 57 last night in Glendale, Arizona.

HYP: in March.
REF: the game's MVP.

HYP: News reports said the secret police officer in Los
REF: News reports said the Secret Service agent in the limo,

HYP: they will be summoned erial and lyto driver to testify.
REF: whether they’ll call upon Engel and the limo driver to testify.

HYP: A 29-year-old Azamas employee who was a gun owner was arrested
REF: A 29-year-old Amazon worker and gun owner was arrested over

HYP: she realized she had a good idea
REF: that he thought it’d be a good idea to

HYP: and had a mental illness
REF: had a history of mental illness,

HYP: With all the information.
REF: With all this information,

HYP: Police officers arrested Acquer,
REF: law enforcement arrested Aceves and

HYP: He is held on a $50,000 bond.
REF: He is jailed on a $50,000 bond.

HYP: In Florida, they are setting
REF: In Florida, there is a law

HYP: police could hear, so it could provide ambulance.
REF: and the cop can hear it, then they can issue the ticket.

HYP: is to be placed in Poland,
REF: would be stationed in Poland.

HYP: The two women are from India were charged with breaking
REF: The two women were from India and were charged with

HYP: The women face a maximum sentence of up to 10 years
REF: The women are facing a maximum sentence of up to 10 years and

HYP: Futer said he predicts that 2022 will
REF: Pfizer said it predicts that in 2022,

HYP: Canadian truck drivers protested against Covid-19-related rules
REF: Canadian truck drivers protesting Covid-19 related

HYP: they have blocked a tunnel bridge from texas
REF: rules have blocked the Ambassador Bridge

HYP: the most active international stores in North America.
REF: It is the busiest international crossing in North America.

HYP: Republican and that the protesters would be
REF: the border and called the protesters

HYP: a narrowing margin.
REF: a "small, fringe minority."

HYP: truck trucks.
REF: (meaning no semi-trucks).

HYP: There is jury selection
REF: It is currently in the jury selection phase and

HYP: starting on Thursday.
REF: that is set to begin this Thursday.

HYP: was murdered in Bucha in the Kiev area.
REF: and killed in Bucha, which is in the Kyiv region.

HYP: the bodies that were killed on the streets,
REF: the bodies of those who were killed from streets

HYP: limits that had blocked many migrants
REF: and restrictions that blocked many migrants

HYP: appalling control and chaos at the border.
REF: unmitigated chaos and catastrophe at the border.

HYP: People 60 and older can increase
REF: those aged 60 and older could significantly increase

HYP: walk and the benefits from the walk will rise away
REF: from walking and that the benefits plateau

HYP: which means gets the most health at 7 thousand people
REF: This means you get the most health benefits at 7,000 steps

HYP: and wearing knitting gloves.
REF: with a fitness watch.

HYP: to cover for them.
REF: and provide health insurance coverage for Americans.

HYP: serve on the Supreme Court of the United States,
REF: to serve on the Supreme Court of the United States,

HYP: teenagers' dreams about her stuck in his house and
REF: teenagers' hopes and dreams and trapped them in his house

HYP: and has avoided sentence.
REF: but was able to evade punishment.

HYP: President Biden said he supports to change the Senate's bidding rules
REF: President Biden said he supports changing Senate filibuster rules

HYP: abortion rights without having at least 60 senators' support.
REF: abortion rights without needing at least 60 Senators' support.

HYP: because Vice President Kamala Harris can
REF: because Vice President Kamala Harris is able to be

HYP: mother, related to conjunctivitis (COVID).
REF: which has to do with contraceptives (birth control).

HYP: The Supreme Court ruled today to limit authority
REF: The Supreme Court ruled today to limit how much authority

HYP: crimes that do on native land,
REF: for crimes that they commit on tribal land

HYP: but it is an estimated $20 million today
REF: It is worth an estimated $20 million today.

HYP: Crystal and William Bray who owned the property and changed
REF: Charles and Willa Bruce, owned the property and turned it into

HYP: The situation provoked protests in the city.
REF: it has caused protests and controversy in the city.

HYP: The exact shooting was on June 27.
REF: The incident took place on Monday, June 27.

HYP: He pursued him when Brown stopped and then ran away
REF: Eventually, Walker's car stopped and he ran outside

HYP: Several police officers chased him.
REF: Several police officers ran after him,

HYP: On Saturday, President Biden tweeted a statement that
REF: On Saturday, President Biden tweeted that

HYP: addressed the Biden White House to make
REF: saying the Biden White House is either sending out

HYP: but usually then gas prices fall.
REF: but that it typically takes time for gas prices to go down.

HYP: and canceled the pipeline.
REF: or canceling the Keystone Pipeline.

HYP: The three victims were an 18-year-old teenager and
REF: The three victims were a 17-year-old male teenager,

HYP: 17 hikers are currently missing and
REF: There are 17 hikers who are currently missing

HYP: First responders said it is situation dangerous on Monday
REF: First responders said conditions were too dangerous for them

HYP: the search of their response can delay.
REF: to search on Monday, so the response was delayed.

HYP: The globe has been melting for many years,
REF: The glacier has been melting for many years and

HYP: authorities will investigate.
REF: that authorities would investigate.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: News videos showed several homes severely damaged and
REF: News videos showed several homes with severe damage and

HYP: important cities that Russia hopes to seize
REF: of key cities that Russia hoped to easily conquer,

HYP: missiles or continue bombing cities.
REF: missile attacks or constant shelling of cities.

HYP: was involved in the Houston Women's sports league.
REF: from participating in high school women's sports leagues.

HYP: to a few people.
REF: directed at few people,

HYP: playing in a high school competition, with one of them being
REF: playing high school, and that only one is involved

HYP: with racial sport.
REF: in girls' sports.

HYP: transgender youth and he says he expects to survive.
REF: transgender youth and said "I want them to live."

HYP: 11 other states in the U.S. have banned transgender girls
REF: 11 other states have passed and signed bans on transgender girls

HYP: Actress Simone Byan, who has been under custody for nine years
REF: Actress Amanda Bynes' nine-year conservatorship has

HYP: longer need is needed.
REF: it was "no longer needed or required."

HYP: a one year term ending in November 2021.
REF: 13-year conservatorship ending in November 2021.

HYP: fell down in the middle.
REF: suddenly plunge in a nosedive in the middle of its flight.

HYP: Chinese officials have invited U.S. officials to
REF: Chinese officials have invited U.S. officials to come to

HYP: the first Black woman judge when she took over for
REF: the first Black woman justice when she takes over

HYP: The bird near the U.S. government was euthanized
REF: The fox that was captured near the U.S. Capitol was euthanized

HYP: to play in women's girls' sports from
REF: from playing in girls and women's sports from

HYP: discriminate against transgender children.
REF: because it discriminates against transgender children.

HYP: The governor also said transgender children do comfort
REF: He also said transgender children deserve compassion,

HYP: North Korea says it is sherconadian died from
REF: North Dakota is a thescelosaurus that died

HYP: the coronavirus today.
REF: the coronavirus today.

HYP: The UN General Assembly voted to suspend Russia
REF: The U.N. General Assembly voted in a majority to suspend Russia

HYP: from the UN Human Rights Committee.
REF: from the UN's Human Rights Council.

HYP: in January.
REF: by Russia.

HYP: bombing Ukraine.
REF: and indiscriminate bombing of Ukraine.

HYP: Germany's intelligence participated in two different communications
REF: German intelligence intercepted two separate communications

HYP: Both the U.S. and NASA warned,
REF: Both the U.S. and NATO warned that

HYP: Here are the top stories from the weekend and today.
REF: Here are top stories from the weekend and today.

HYP: President Biden's nomination to the Supreme Court.
REF: who is President Biden's nominee to the Supreme Court,

HYP: The star will take place on Tuesday and Friday.
REF: while questioning will take place on Tuesday and Wednesday.

HYP: recognized her 12- and 18-year-old daughters.
REF: recognized her two daughters, aged 21 and 17, and

HYP: on Friday due to an infection and
REF: the hospital on Friday due to an infection and

HYP: In southern China, a Boeing 747 airliner with 132 people on it
REF: In southern China, a Boeing 737 passenger plane with 132 people

HYP: the plane crashed.
REF: when the aircraft crashed.

HYP: allowed civilians to leave town and
REF: they would allow civilians out of the city with

HYP: Ukrainian leaders will not give up.
REF: but Ukrainian leaders refused to surrender.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: He had a long long hair but was shaved.
REF: She used to have long locs but they were cut off.

HYP: but were told they would go home to America.
REF: when she was told that she would be going home to the U.S.

HYP: He was arrested in 2008 after trying to sell weapons to
REF: He was arrested in 2008 after he tried to sell arms to

HYP: leaving off Burke.
REF: let Bout go.

HYP: he felt to get Griner's home.
REF: so they are glad that they could get Griner home.

HYP: killed an 7-year-old girl named Athena Strand
REF: and murdering a 7-year-old girl named Athena Strand in

HYP: The driver, Stewart Leno Hunt, said he killed the girl through
REF: The driver, Tanner Lynn Horner, said he killed the girl by

HYP: Police said there was a camera video that showed inside
REF: Police said they have surveillance video from inside

HYP: the girl was out because she had a dispute with
REF: The girl went outside after she got into an argument

HYP: her mother.
REF: with her stepmother.

HYP: with abduction.
REF: aggravated kidnapping.

HYP: His name is Joseph ZAUNEALI.
REF: as Joseph A. Zarelli.

HYP: on new diagnostic genetic methodologies that help
REF: but new forensic genetic genealogy methods helped with

HYP: could be moving forward to find more
REF: that will have meaningful progress

HYP: ChatGPT is done by text typing or
REF: ChatGPT works like a text conversation or

HYP: sending emails.
REF: an emailed conversation.

HYP: He answered his question that it was right.
REF: The response to my question was accurate.

HYP: should "believe wrong" wrong.
REF: can be "confidently wrong."

HYP: Dr. Anthony Fauci, who was the leader of the U.S. answer to
REF: Dr. Anthony Fauci, who led the U.S. response

HYP: She was 71.
REF: He is 81 years old.

HYP: disrupt the Senate,
REF: that will shake up the Senate -

HYP: The White House said this decision does not change
REF: The White House said the decision doesn't change

HYP: for all now.
REF: they have in the past.

HYP: a parade ceremony on Monday.
REF: victory parade on Monday.

HYP: a 33-year-old man is alleged to have shot two water pens at
REF: A 33-year-old man allegedly threw two beer cans toward

HYP: and paid two dollars to Texas and the witness took a
REF: at the parade and throw two cans toward Cruz and grabbed him

HYP: The Weather Channel reported that
REF: The Weather Channel reported that

HYP: in West Virginia.
REF: is moving westwards.

HYP: Trump said in a union speech in June Thursday
REF: Trump said at a rally in Iowa on Thursday

HYP: short period of three demands.
REF: as long as three demands are met:

HYP: "Russia is starting here and Russia can end it".
REF: Russia started this and Russia can end this,
0003733-2022.11.8.mp4	9.375	The sun, Earth, and moon lined up perfectly.
0003737-2022.11.8.mp4	6.292	Many people on social media posted images of a red moon.
0003923-2022.5.3.mp4	5.583	a Mississippi law that banned abortions
0003940-2022.5.3.mp4	13.0	17 states and D.C. have codified the right to abortion.
0003949-2022.5.3.mp4	3.208	that it would be one of the worst and most damaging

HYP: and did not present the court's final decision.
REF: but did not represent the court's final decision.

HYP: that he has inspected the flow.
REF: He said has ordered an investigation on the leak.

HYP: the body of a dead man found in a steel pool barrel
REF: a body of a man that was in a corroded barrel

HYP: in 20 lakes' shelf.
REF: on the lake's shore.

HYP: the time of the new shed.
REF: the barrel is now at the lake's shoreline.

HYP: levels are still declining due to severe drought.
REF: water levels continue to plunge due to severe drought.

HYP: A juror said to a reporter after
REF: but a juror who spoke to a reporter after

HYP: Webster will be sentenced on September 1.
REF: Webster will be sentenced on September 2.

HYP: The maximum sentence for assault is 20 years,
REF: The maximum penalty for his assault charge is 20 years,

HYP: the primary elections are held among a group
REF: A primary election are battles within parties

HYP: is applying today.
REF: within the party.

HYP: his opponents want to push more to the legislature
REF: challengers who want to push the Legislature further

HYP: is named as a "pro-life wild man".
REF: and called himself a "Pro-life Spider-Man."

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: so he must start serving his prison term.
REF: which means Griner will have to start serving her prison term.

HYP: The Biden administration said the Russian court process is
REF: The Biden Administration said Russia's judicial proceeding

HYP: the bid and that President Biden is willing to make
REF: is a sham and that President Biden is willing to make

HYP: decisions to bring Americans home.
REF: tough decisions to bring Americans home.

HYP: AP News said there may be a high-level prisoner exchange
REF: AP News said there could be a high-stakes prisoner swap

HYP: Itchy and nerdy.
REF: Rishi Sunak.

HYP: the oldest man since 1982 and was 42 years old.
REF: the youngest PM since 1812 at 42 years old.

HYP: News reports said there might be a medical emergency
REF: News reports said he could have suffered a medical emergency

HYP: On Sunday, an elevator at Grand Canon Cars,
REF: On Sunday, an elevator at the Grand Canyon Caverns,

HYP: successfully rescuing deck on Tuesday night
REF: finally brought back on Monday night with

HYP: to their homes.
REF: in their home.

HYP: The mother's name was Cora Berg and she was 33.
REF: The mother's name was Cora Bush and she was 33.

HYP: police said they examined his story in line with evidence and
REF: her account of the incident corroborated with the evidence

HYP: News reports said the data
REF: A news report said data shows that

HYP: in 1709 unintentional children by children in the U.S.
REF: 194 unintentional shootings by children in the U.S.,

HYP: The investigation officer said that over
REF: The inspector general said there were over

HYP: the first months of the coronavirus pandemic.
REF: during the first few months of the coronavirus pandemic.

HYP: The U.S. Department of Justice established a Department that focuses
REF: The U.S. Department of Justice has a task force dedicated

HYP: investigation and prosecutions of suspected money buyers.
REF: to investigating and prosecuting suspected fraudsters.

HYP: gave to give a speech at a Trump rally
REF: was invited to speak at a Trump rally

HYP: last month in Pennsylvania.
REF: earlier this month in Pennsylvania.

HYP: The second update is there are referendums in
REF: The second update is that there are referendums in

HYP: to Ukraine to become a part of Russia.
REF: from Ukraine to become a part of Russia.

HYP: It is not known exactly what the U.S. has said,
REF: It is not known exactly what the U.S. has been saying,

HYP: has exceeded 20,000 victims.
REF: on climbing and has exceeded 20,000 victims.

HYP: "The Guardian".. He said
REF: with "The Guardian."

HYP: the home's.
REF: by a South Korean crew.

HYP: The other city is Khartsamonst,
REF: In the city of Kahramanmaras,

HYP: because they usually suffer dehydration and
REF: These people are usually dehydrated and

HYP: thing more complicated.
REF: which makes things even more complicated.

HYP: The U.N. sent an aid convoy,
REF: The UN has managed to send in an aid convoy,

HYP: a Chinese spy balloon that floated on
REF: the Chinese spy balloon that was shot down

HYP: communication communications and classified information.
REF: communication signals and intelligence.

HYP: Secretary of State Anthony Blinken said
REF: Secretary of State Anthony Blinken said

HYP: The children died from strangulation.
REF: They died by strangulation.

HYP: Researchers said in comparison they planned 166 minds
REF: Researchers said to compare, they studied 164 brain samples

HYP: The lesions cause that loss of memory and
REF: It can cause a progressive decline of memory and

HYP: The study found it dangerous football
REF: The study highlights the dangers of playing football

HYP: Georgia's Bureau of Investigation said
REF: The Georgia Bureau of Investigation said

HYP: A Connecticut State Prison official said he was fired from work.
REF: A state prison official said he was terminated from his job.

HYP: The committee's chairman, Rep. James Coker (R-K) said
REF: The chair of the committee, Rep. James Comer (R-Ky) said

HYP: that Americans earn benefit.
REF: the American people deserve transparency.

HYP: abrogate the Biden mandate of mask for on
REF: that voided the Biden administration's mask mandate

HYP: within the U.S. territory,
REF: on domestic flights,

HYP: an elementary school student carried a soaked with
REF: a kindergartner brought a bottle of tequila mix with

HYP: the school contacted five students and
REF: The school contacted the parents of the five students and

HYP: The school said that no students were harmed
REF: The school said no student became ill or

HYP: Henzartes said others said it was a disaster and
REF: Hernandez said others have told her that it is karma.

HYP: He said his report is sad because the man died
REF: She said her reaction was sadness because he had died and

HYP: a royal decision to take him out of his sadness.
REF: said "the Lord saw fit to take him out of his misery."

HYP: cars and get on his foot.
REF: another vehicle and get back on her feet.

HYP: had carrying a 21 inches diameter, but the operators
REF: an opening of about 3 inches, but the ride's operators

HYP: met up with Tanglast at 5'8 and 325 lbs.
REF: accommodate Sampson's large size at 6'5 and 340 pounds.

HYP: up to 10 inches with force.
REF: extended up to 10 inches with force.

HYP: be down to speed up to 45 mph to stop
REF: and then drops at speeds up to 75 mph before quickly stopping.

HYP: and increase new bombings on Ukraine's border.
REF: There was a new round of intense bombing along Ukraine's east.

HYP: military are focusing on the new region
REF: the Russian army is focused on the new phase,

HYP: as a 800% support bailout of President Biden
REF: a part of the $800 million aid package President Biden

HYP: The Washington Post explained that
REF: The Washington Post explained that

HYP: The virus was first identified in 1958,
REF: The virus was first identified in 1958

HYP: Some types of the strain of the virus has seriously killed
REF: Some strains of the virus can kill

HYP: two out of 100 people died.
REF: 1 out of 100 people dying.

HYP: Health officials said they found cases men who
REF: Health officials said a number of recent cases involve men

HYP: had a sex with other men.
REF: who have sex with other men.

HYP: The Mansour man recently traveled to Canada,
REF: The Massachusetts man had recently traveled to Canada.

HYP: The U.S. Senate today approved a $40 billion package
REF: The U.S. Senate today approved a $40 billion package to send

HYP: may possibly face the Russian judiciary.
REF: they may face Russian courts.

HYP: Today the leaders of Sweden and Finland met with President Biden at
REF: Today the leaders of Sweden and Finland met with President Biden

HYP: But it may be blocked from McDonald's
REF: But there may be a barrier to Sweden and Finland's entry

HYP: alleged that are hoarding members of
REF: the countries of harboring members of

HYP: the next week.
REF: this week.

HYP: the hospital to apply to wear masks indoors
REF: hospitalizations to voluntarily wear masks indoors and

HYP: Gundron posted on several social media accounts that
REF: Gendron posted on several social media pages that

HYP: an decision to target the Buffalo Zeppelin
REF: He wrote that he decided to target a Buffalo zip code

HYP: FedEx Motor Company said
REF: Ford Motor Co. said

HYP: It is not known what caused the fire.
REF: It is not known what is causing the fires.

HYP: A gunman opened fire at a dance hall
REF: A gunman opened fire in a packed dance hall

HYP: the Lowell Year of New Celebration festival in Monterey, California
REF: during a Lunar New Year festival in Monterey Park, California on

HYP: The gunman is identified as 72-year-old H.Q. Cannon.
REF: The gunman was identified as 72-year-old Huu Can Tran.

HYP: The person who took the gun from Tom at
REF: The person who wrestled the gun away from Tran at

HYP: targeting his ex-wife.
REF: targeting his ex-wife.

HYP: Last week police raided the tree and
REF: Last week police raided the forest,

HYP: On Saturday night, people gathered for protest
REF: On Saturday night people gathered for a protest

HYP: as he walked out in his dressing room,
REF: as she walked out of her dressing room,

HYP: said it never happened and that he would never do
REF: that it "never happened" and that he "would never do

HYP: that killed two people in Wally, Alaska last week
REF: that killed two people in Wales, Alaska last week.

HYP: The school was ordered closures and
REF: The principal of the school ordered a lockdown and

HYP: outside.
REF: what was happening outside.

HYP: is calling out community members for help
REF: There was a call for community members to help -

HYP: but no police officers asked for help.
REF: there is no police in town -

HYP: he says 30 years ago.
REF: in Alaska was 30 years ago.

HYP: Poland's government said it wants to provide
REF: Poland's government said it wants to give

HYP: they attack at the front line.
REF: Russian attacks at the front lines.

HYP: It is Thursday, June 16.
REF: It is Thursday, June 16.

HYP: Today the 6th House Committee held its third hearing.
REF: Today the Jan 6. House Committee held its third hearing.

HYP: counting the votes and certifying the electoral votes
REF: Congress' counting and certification of electoral votes

HYP: a former a lawyer to him and
REF: one a former counsel to him and

HYP: the constitution does not ever intend to hand over the vice president
REF: that the Constitution never intended for the vice president

HYP: Upton Trump, testified in a video that
REF: Ivanka Trump, testified in a video that

HYP: President Chancellor of France and Germany were
REF: The leaders of France, Italy, and Germany traveled together in

HYP: News analysts said recently,
REF: News analysts said in recent days,

HYP: The Italian Prime Minister said the process will not be delayed.
REF: The Italian prime minister said this process cannot be delayed.

HYP: families and some local residents said it was
REF: their families, and some local residents who have been hiding

HYP: Ukraine has been continuing to fight closely with Russia.
REF: eastern Ukraine as it battles against Russian advances.

HYP: Dr. Anthony Fauci tested positive for COVID-19
REF: Dr. Anthony Fauci tested positive for the coronavirus

HYP: the scientific center after her.
REF: a science center named after him.

HYP: Images show them having some masks or no masks.
REF: Photographs showed him with and without a mask.

HYP: Fauci is now isolated and will continue at home.
REF: Fauci is now isolating and will continue to work from home.

HYP: One of the jurors in Johnny Depp versus Amber Heard
REF: One of the jurors in the Johnny Depp vs Amber Heard

HYP: a defamation trial, the jury spoke to
REF: defamation trial said in an interview with

HYP: and had an "alique alligator's mouth".
REF: so they felt like she had "crocodile tears."

HYP: Hernd plans to appeal.
REF: Heard plans to appeal.

HYP: 26 new federal charges,
REF: received 26 new federal charges,

HYP: It is Tuesday, August 9.
REF: It is Tuesday, August 9.

HYP: FBI agents conducted an urgent search in
REF: FBI agents conducted a surprise search of

HYP: News reports said the police submitted a search warrant as
REF: News reports said the agents served a search warrant as

HYP: There are two known active investigation on
REF: has two known active investigations connected to
0004968-2022.8.9.mp4	3.833	Democratic leaders said the search was appropriate
0004978-2022.8.9.mp4	6.542	the 1978 film, Grease" opposite John Travolta.

HYP: In 2019, he said his case was again back and blossomed.
REF: In 2017, she announced that her cancer returned and spread.

HYP: In Los Angeles, a nurse named Nicholas Lanline was charged with
REF: In Los Angeles, a nurse named Nicole Linton was charged with

HYP: six charges of murder after he allegedly drove the car
REF: six counts of murder after she allegedly drove her car at

HYP: many other vehicles, killed six people,
REF: slammed into multiple other cars, killing six people,

HYP: This happened on Thursday afternoon.
REF: The incident was on Thursday afternoon.

HYP: by a Tina's car.
REF: Linton's vehicle.

HYP: go to prison.
REF: was taken to jail.

HYP: deep mental health issues
REF: profound mental health issues before the crash and

HYP: and not the disease can spread to the body,
REF: if the disease is not treated, it can spread through the body

HYP: At least 6,000 candidates for in the U.S. in
REF: are now seeking at least 6,000 volunteers in the U.S.

HYP: His spokesman said he fell into a coma on Monday and
REF: Her spokesperson said she fell into a coma on Monday and

HYP: entered the house into about 30 feet.
REF: and entered the home about 30 feet in.

HYP: He said there was a woman in the house with
REF: There was a female resident inside the home who was

HYP: Survivors said they lost everything fire.
REF: but the resident said she lost everything.

HYP: Stewart Williams announced that he would retire after
REF: Serena Williams announced that she will retire after

HYP: the greatest tennis athlete ever since
REF: of the greatest tennis athletes ever with

HYP: won 23 Grand Slam championships and 73 overall wins.
REF: her 23 Grand Slam titles and 73 overall titles.

HYP: the Olympic races.
REF: see Serena compete.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: The Buffalo, New
REF: The Buffalo, New York area was hit with

HYP: The U.S. will play against England and Iran.
REF: The U.S. will then play against England and then Iran.

HYP: Recently it was announced that no alcohol will be sold
REF: It was recently announced that no alcohol will be sold at

HYP: eight stadiums that will host games.
REF: the eight stadiums that will host the games.

HYP: Smith's job is to decide if they violated the law
REF: Smith's job will be to decide if anyone violated the law

HYP: "Bahramism of systems are targeted".
REF: are a weaponization of the justice system.

HYP: in the Archdiocese of Baltimore was charged with
REF: in the Archdiocese of Baltimore who has been accused of

HYP: authority to pardon student loans and that if his plan
REF: the authority to forgive student loans and that if their plan

HYP: That's all the top stories for this week.
REF: That is all the top stories for this week.

HYP: charged by the Manhattan District Attorney's office.
REF: he was indicted by the Manhattan District Attorney's office.

HYP: A judge allowed to have photos taken of the judge
REF: A judge allowed photographs in the courtroom

HYP: is a felony.
REF: which is a felony.

HYP: to Trump's alleged affair she had with Trump.
REF: an alleged affair she had with Trump.

HYP: The indictment against Trump,
REF: The indictment sheet against Trump said

HYP: Prosecutors and Attorney General Alvin Ward said Trump acknowledged
REF: Prosecutors and DA Alvin Bragg said Trump covered up

HYP: Trump pleaded not guilty to all the charges.
REF: Trump pleaded not guilty to all of his counts.

HYP: He left the courtroom and sat in his car.
REF: He left the courtroom and went back to his motorcade

HYP: and now is flying to Florida.
REF: Trump is flying to Florida.

HYP: he said he was willing to fight the charges in court and
REF: but that he is determined to fight the allegations in court

HYP: On Sunday, LSU State University won
REF: On Sunday, Louisiana State University (LSU) won

HYP: history with almost 10 million attention.
REF: on record with almost 10 million viewers.

HYP: his face not to be seen that Craig in a past contest paid him reward
REF: you can't see me gesture that Clark used in a previous game

HYP: First Lady Jill Biden put the fire on
REF: First Lady Jill Biden added fuel to the fire by

HYP: Corn broke an NCAA championship record with 278 degrees,
REF: Clark set an NCAA tournament record with 191 points,

HYP: In separate but related news, the University of Connecticut won
REF: In separate but related news, the University of Connecticut

HYP: A interesting news story is that Lace's reporter was
REF: One interesting fact is that LSU's Reese is

HYP: in a zoo of an alligator last week.
REF: in the mouth of an alligator last week.

HYP: and killed his son by throwing him into Lake.
REF: killing his son by throwing him in a lake.

HYP: they noticed their son is missing and
REF: When police realized that their son was missing,

HYP: there were searches.
REF: they started a search.

HYP: police killed the school.
REF: The alligator was euthanized.

HYP: got his wife by.
REF: It seems like the alligator bit him afterward.

HYP: Today Finland has officially become a member of
REF: Today Finland became an official member of

HYP: Sweden joined NATO at the time of Finland and
REF: Sweden applied to join NATO at about the same time as Finland

HYP: On Sunday, a Russian blogger who thought
REF: On Sunday, a Russian blogger who was well-known for

HYP: His name is Willon Tasani.
REF: His name was Vladen Tatarsky.

HYP: there were thousands of followers on TikTok and
REF: He had hundreds of thousands of followers on Telegram and

HYP: by otherwise.
REF: what's going on in Russia.

HYP: A federal jury declared Sayfello Naypiko,
REF: A federal jury found Sayfullo Saipov,

HYP: struck kill eight people on a bicycle road in New York City
REF: and used it to kill eight people on a bike path in New York City

HYP: is now 16 million followers.
REF: that has almost 16 million followers,

HYP: a sweet son and father with a sketch and dance,
REF: for their funny father-son comedy bits and dances.

HYP: found out had a cancer.
REF: he found cancer.

HYP: He said his doctor is rare for a young man that is
REF: He said his doctor said it is very rare for young men like him

HYP: in cancer and wants to share the that
REF: to get colon cancer and he wants to spread awareness for

HYP: The beefs are called "Timanoma",
REF: The eggs belonged to the titanosaurs,

HYP: it was the same as an alligator today.
REF: which is what modern-day crocodiles do.

HYP: in Tamil.
REF: in Somalia.

HYP: in the group.
REF: on the group.

HYP: Officials in western Australia held an emergency press
REF: Officials in Western Australia held an emergency press

HYP: Authorities urged anyone who drives on highway on
REF: Officials have urged anyone who drove on a highway between

HYP: that checks his wheels and in the car
REF: these places to check their tires in case

HYP: AP News explained that the bombings occurred after
REF: AP News said the bombardments came after

HYP: in eastern countries.
REF: with Western countries.

HYP: Leno said he was recovered from the gun and
REF: Leno said he is recovering from the burns and

HYP: and wasn't stopped to.
REF: that he did not notice.

HYP: in March.
REF: in March.

HYP: An ALP welder at the Oklahoma school deaf,
REF: The ASL Specialist at the Oklahoma School for the Deaf,

HYP: around the world.
REF: around the world.

HYP: The books are AD 1 and AD 2.
REF: The courses are ASL 1 and ASL 2.

HYP: various books and posters.
REF: There are lessons and quizzes.

HYP: the law available until July 31.
REF: courses are available until July 31.

HYP: The school would enjoy anyone to donate to the Monta Fund to
REF: the school would appreciate donations to the OSD Foundation

HYP: Reed said the school aims to publicise the families of deaf
REF: Reed said the school's goal is to be open to families of deaf

HYP: to stop and hit him.
REF: when he tried to stop it from hitting his nephew,

HYP: It is March 15.
REF: It is March 15.

HYP: free submerged under ice without medicine.
REF: freediving under the ice without a wetsuit

HYP: Doval trained for the diving and before plunging into
REF: Vencl trained for the dive by putting himself into

HYP: Heath was sentenced to 400 years.
REF: Holmes was sentenced to 400 years.

HYP: The U.S.A. said a witness that
REF: The CRU said an eyewitness who pointed to Holmes was

HYP: some states that have abortion.
REF: even in states where abortion is legal.

HYP: the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans.
REF: the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans.

HYP: Two Russian military planes are approaching an American drone
REF: Two Russian military jets approached an American drone

HYP: Reuters.com reported that a technology company called OpenAI
REF: Vox.com reported that tech company OpenAI,

HYP: he can answer different questions and
REF: that is capable of answering a wide range of questions

HYP: The new champion is called GP.45.
REF: The new chatbot is called GPT-4.

HYP: exceed 10% of the tests.
REF: in the top 10 percent of test takers.

HYP: speech instruction about screening.
REF: creating visual descriptions.

HYP: And if you want to use GPS, you will have
REF: If you want to use GPT-4, you will have to be

HYP: companies will dismiss another 10,000 people and
REF: the company is laying off another 10,000 people and

HYP: along with a standard fare.
REF: than viewing traditional television.

HYP: and that the US and are
REF: Adults in the U.S. watch both platforms for

HYP: The judge said he understands they were emotion and angry
REF: The judge said she understands that there are emotions and

HYP: WTOP said Gendron killed 10 people on May 15
REF: WTOP said Gendron, who killed 10 people on May 14,

HYP: All of the ones who died were Black.
REF: All of the 10 people who died were black.

HYP: A member of the family of one of the victims told Gender:
REF: A family member of one of the victims said to Gendron

HYP: he is on the internet in social, it is a great mistake.
REF: You learn this on the internet, and it was a big mistake."

HYP: The judge sentenced him to life in prison
REF: The judge sentenced him to life in prison

HYP: Gendron also faces hate and terrorism charges
REF: Gendron is also facing hate and domestic terrorism charges

HYP: The Indonesian government must recognize independence
REF: Indonesian government acknowledge Papuan independence

HYP: but will release the pilot.
REF: before they will release the pilot.

HYP: two passengers' owned flights from it.
REF: five passengers who were Indigenous Papuans and

HYP: for any suspects not to be fired.
REF: the Indonesian government does not use its arms.

HYP: took over three weeks of international safety to
REF: There was a three-week international rescue effort

HYP: former President Donald Trump.
REF: the first being former president Donald Trump.

HYP: They suggested that there is to be necessary mental
REF: She suggested that there should be mandatory mental competency

HYP: he would set up restrictions for members of Congress and
REF: she would enact term limits for members of Congress and

HYP: said that many vultures are grieving and
REF: that there were candle-lit vigils across the country

HYP: is grieved.
REF: by those who mourned her death.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: fired his AR-15-style large rifle
REF: opened fire with his AR-15-style rifle,

HYP: killing five people and injuring 25 others.
REF: killing five people and injuring 25 others.

HYP: the man wields removed a handgun
REF: the gunman by grabbing a handgun from him and

HYP: The suspect's name is Anderson Lee Aldrich (22).
REF: The suspect's name is Anderson Lee Aldrich (22).

HYP: The blog is called Cable'Q and said
REF: The bar's name is Club Q and it is described as

HYP: Darryl Davila Anson. He was.
REF: Daniel Davis Aston,

HYP: The second person was David Kapp, who was also a bouncer.
REF: The second was Derrick Rump, who was also a bartender.

HYP: the first openly gay man in the U.S.,
REF: who is the first openly gay male governor in the U.S.,

HYP: a gunman killed 48 people.
REF: in which a gunman killed 49 people.

HYP: There was a strong 5.6 magnitude earthquake hit Jolla Island,
REF: Today a powerful 5.6 magnitude earthquake struck Java island,

HYP: Indonesia Idova, killed at least 166 people and
REF: Indonesia and killed at least 162 people and

HYP: hundreds of more people.
REF: injured hundreds more.

HYP: Tragically, many who died were children
REF: Sadly, many of those who died were children

HYP: children holding classes in the buildings of the collapsed.
REF: who were taking classes in buildings that collapsed.

HYP: his country's national music and news analysts said
REF: while their national anthem was played and news analysts said

HYP: after they were "political police" arrested
REF: who was arrested by the country's "religious" police

HYP: Iran will face off against the U.S. on Tuesday.
REF: Iran will play against the U.S. tomorrow (Tuesday).

HYP: be permanently suspended.
REF: from permanent suspension.

HYP: Trump was banned for life because of her posts
REF: Trump was banned for life after making

HYP: Over 15 million people voted with 51% said "yes".
REF: Over 15 million people voted with 52% saying "yes" and

HYP: 40% said "no".
REF: 48% saying "no."

HYP: Today Trump is backed up and with 88,000 voters.
REF: Now Trump's account is restored, with his 87 million followers.

HYP: that developers do not buy ads on Twitter.
REF: called on advertisers to stop buying ads on Twitter.

HYP: It is Friday, October 21.
REF: It is Friday, October 21.

HYP: Actor Kevin Speedy who won a sexual assault lawsuit
REF: Actor Kevin Spacey won a sexual abuse lawsuit

HYP: The boy had a shotgun and a handgun with him.
REF: He had a shotgun and a handgun with him.

HYP: federal colleges at the time they are in college.
REF: a federal Pell grant when they were enrolled in college.

HYP: six weeks ago, was found dead on campus Thursday afternoon.
REF: a week ago was found dead on campus on Thursday afternoon.

HYP: a triple asteroid reorientation test.
REF: short for "Double Asteroid Redirection Test."

HYP: The DVR hit the asteroid called,
REF: The DART spacecraft hit the asteroid,

HYP: so the mission is successful impact with
REF: indicating the spacecraft successfully collided

HYP: the founder of the Oath Demps Group and
REF: the founder of the Oath Keepers extremist group and

HYP: conspired to overthrow or destroy the U.S. government,
REF: planning to overthrow or destroy the U.S. government,

HYP: quick response teams on debt to outside D.C. to
REF: quick reaction force teams on standby outside of D.C. to bring

HYP: Rhodes met with the former leader of the Proud Boys,
REF: Rhodes met with the then-leader of the Proud Boys,

HYP: Enrique Talrio, in underground a parking lot.
REF: Enrique Tarrio, in an underground parking garage.

HYP: will be arraigned in December.
REF: will stand trial in December.

HYP: News reports said Italy's most conservative government
REF: News reports said Italy now has its most conservative government

HYP: is a different.
REF: want to see something different.

HYP: News reports said many military recruitment centers
REF: News reports said multiple military recruitment centers in

HYP: In another city, a man was ignited by protest for
REF: In another city, a man set his clothes on fire in protest

HYP: since Putin's announcement.
REF: since Putin's announcement.

HYP: The Biden administration invested $1.5 billion
REF: The Biden administration is investing $1.5 billion

HYP: the next five years.
REF: over the next five years.

HYP: near a nightclub on Sunday morning early.
REF: near a nightclub on early Sunday morning.

HYP: Police said there were several shooters
REF: Law enforcement said there were multiple shooters and

HYP: with the community's help to identify
REF: they need the community's help to identify

HYP: Seven others, including five teenagers,
REF: seven others, including five teenagers,

HYP: a seafloor pool in Tennessee early Tuesday morning.
REF: a strip mall in Phoenix early Saturday morning.

HYP: In Arizona, two men were shot and killed outside
REF: Also in Arizona, two men were shot and killed outside

HYP: Two people were injured.
REF: Two others were injured.

HYP: He saw a car chase and stopped him,
REF: they saw a car speeding away and were able to stop it and

HYP: on Thursday 6 June at 8 p.m. eastern time.
REF: this Thursday, June 9 at 8 p.m. ET.

HYP: The committee said they would show new information and new things that had
REF: The committee said they would provide new information and

HYP: We'll see what evidence is planned to show.
REF: We'll see what evidence they plan to present.

HYP: Igan, IrinaSüdvarik, won the US CoffeyGuf.
REF: Poland's Iga Swiatek defeated American Coco Gauff.

HYP: Pictures and videos show a horrific scene with
REF: Pictures and videos show a terrible scene of

HYP: many people dead on a ground floor.
REF: multiple victims lying on the church floor.

HYP: AP News said there is a growing violence between women's
REF: AP said there is a "rising violent conflict between farmers

HYP: South Korea's ally said they to demonstrate
REF: The South Korean-U.S. alliance said this is to demonstrate that

HYP: near her home in northwest Montana on Wednesday afternoon.
REF: near his home in northwest Montana on Friday afternoon.

HYP: local sheriff's office dispatched helicopters and drones
REF: The local sheriff's office used helicopters and drones to

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: Sam Buckland-Fry, the former founder CEO of FTX,
REF: Sam Bankman-Fried, the former CEO of FTX,

HYP: He was arrested in the Bahamas on Monday night.
REF: was arrested in the Bahamas on Monday night.

HYP: found operators who do not need customers' money leave out
REF: it was discovered that managers improperly took clients' money

HYP: Separately, the NCAA filed a criminal complaint against Tom accusing of
REF: Separately the SEC filed a civil complaint against Sam saying

HYP: Suspects in parody festival was sentenced to 150 years
REF: the Ponzi schemer who was sentenced to 150 years

HYP: Scientists have managed to produce more energy
REF: Scientists were able to create more energy than

HYP: Monday night after health issues from
REF: on Monday night after suffering complications

HYP: Leech's family said that he donated his organs as
REF: The Leach family said he donated his organs as

HYP: Putin is sick with hunger, dies or slips away
REF: if Putin gets a cold and dies or accidentally falls out

HYP: or all the systems of Russia's one-man ruling
REF: all the institutions of Russia's authoritarian regime

HYP: residential areas near a large park in Los Angeles.
REF: through residential areas near a large park in Los Angeles.

HYP: was unreasonably engaging in small dogs.
REF: because of the unusual attacks on small dogs.

HYP: People on social media said they hope to
REF: People on social media are hopeful

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: the first official image from
REF: the first official image from

HYP: the plane and to orbit past.
REF: there to the telescope.

HYP: The U.N. estimated that the world's population will
REF: The U.N. estimated that the world's population will

HYP: since the beginning of this year.
REF: since the start of the year.

HYP: Russian oil and gas,
REF: Russian oil and gas.

HYP: An scientific expert told AP that,
REF: A scientific expert told NPR

HYP: from previous infections or vaccines.
REF: people may have from prior infections and vaccinations.

HYP: repeating to be infected, may be a higher risk of
REF: with the coronavirus multiple times may be at a higher risk of

HYP: become a long chronic disease.
REF: developing long-COVID symptoms.

HYP: the Virginia area and those considered to be threatened
REF: domestic violence and those who are considered a danger to

HYP: is being left at the school.
REF: that is located at the school.

HYP: The three adult victims were, Katheryn Don,
REF: The three adult victims included Katherine Koone,

HYP: He was 61.
REF: She was also 61.

HYP: Police initially said Haley was a woman,
REF: Police initially said Hale was a woman,

HYP: Police said they found Hale's in school and
REF: Police said they found that Hale had drawings of the school and

HYP: Hale had two assault-type rifles and he legally purchased
REF: Hale had two assault-type rifles that they legally purchased

HYP: There were five weapons with all legal gains
REF: She had five other weapons that were all legally purchased

HYP: she got text message from harold about 15 minutes
REF: she got a text from Hale about 15 minutes

HYP: before the shooting began.
REF: before the shooting started.

HYP: Gannon and Hale Hill are from the teams at
REF: Patton knew Hale from when they were teammates on

HYP: Padg said he contacted a sheriff's office and
REF: Patton said she called a sheriff's office to make

HYP: have started them.
REF: at the time of the fire.

HYP: Scientists in the U.K. announced that they found
REF: Scientists working in the UK said they have discovered that

HYP: Scientists said they have detected water molecules on
REF: A scientist said they can see water molecules on

HYP: It became a process to connect Hygeraun and Oma
REF: it completes a process that combines hydrogen and oxygen

HYP: a water hole.
REF: to make water present.

HYP: Scientists tested an image of the cloud from
REF: Scientists analyzed samples of the Moon's surface from

HYP: The water is important because in future there is technology
REF: This is a significant finding because if there is technology

HYP: Scientists say that there may be terpenes and weight of water
REF: Scientists believe there could be trillions of pounds of water

HYP: the 2020 election.
REF: the 2020 election.

HYP: that's the shark that is near the coast of California.
REF: was pinged off the coast of North Carolina.

HYP: over 1,200 pounds.
REF: weighs over 1,400 pounds.

HYP: in Montreal Canada.
REF: near Nova Scotia, Canada.

HYP: the eastern Canada coast.
REF: the coasts of the eastern US and Canada.

HYP: owner is shutting down a cryptocurrency exchange FTX,
REF: the founder of now-collapsed cryptocurrency exchange FTX,

HYP: concealed one or more Chinese government officials with
REF: to bribe one or more Chinese officials with

HYP: at least $40 million.
REF: at least $40 million.

HYP: in audits that the accounts have more than $1 billion.
REF: company, Alameda Research, that contained more than $1 billion.

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: A group of Republican state leaders and two conservative group
REF: A group of Republican-led states and a conservative group filed

HYP: it is assumed it does not ask for public communities.
REF: that they did not seek public input.

HYP: control of the special district of the Walled World Valley.
REF: control of the special district where Walt Disney World is in.

HYP: government services.
REF: to oversee government services.

HYP: two pieces of boats broken down on the shore.
REF: saw boat pieces washed up on the shore.

HYP: on the ship.
REF: on the boat.

HYP: They charge people for approximately 8,500 bonds for
REF: charging the equivalent of $8,500 USD for

HYP: the family proposed to make the end of life decision.
REF: have recommended they make an "end-of-life decision."

HYP: Donald Trump's false claims that the 2020 election was stolen.
REF: Donald Trump's falsehoods that the 2020 election was stolen.

HYP: Murphyck made the statement during a deposition in response
REF: Murdoch made the remarks during a deposition in response

HYP: fire, Trump's accusations of
REF: their audiences that Trump's allegations were

HYP: pulled Russian troops.
REF: its troops are gaining ground.

HYP: Mercury has about 22 million passengers worldwide.
REF: Netflix has about 222 million subscribers worldwide.

HYP: Microsoft said it could distribute more country test samples since
REF: Netflix said it may roll out to more countries a test feature to

HYP: Biden officials said in a statement that
REF: Wimbledon officials said in a statement that

HYP: a retail dwelling in San Jose last week,
REF: a Home Depot in San Jose two weeks ago.

HYP: The suspect's name is
REF: The suspect's name is Dyllin Jaycruz Gouge.

HYP: The fire was just too hot and it was struck
REF: The fire was so hot that it was detected from

HYP: the national weather station.
REF: a national weather service satellite.

HYP: A man was hiding in a forest to look for
REF: a man who was in a forest to look for

HYP: when a crane saw he found a little baggage
REF: mushrooms happened upon a small suitcase and

HYP: found a body of a dead young boy
REF: discovered that there was a body of a deceased young boy

HYP: The police say they believe the boy died about two weeks ago.
REF: Police said they believe the boy died sometime last week.

HYP: Law enforcement are asking the public for help.
REF: Police are asking the public for help.

HYP: Jones went to a medical center in Wisconsin and
REF: Jozsi went to a medical center in Wisconsin,

HYP: they used a captcha that is commonly used for
REF: where doctors used a catheter that is typically used in

HYP: The report said the passengers worked on Musk's private jet
REF: The report said the attendant worked on Musk’s private jet and

HYP: to offer to give him new cows.
REF: offered to buy her a horse.

HYP: said that's never happened.
REF: and that “it never happened.”

HYP: about abortion law.
REF: regarding abortion laws.

HYP: he may have removed more of freedoms
REF: could seek to roll back freedoms

HYP: killed 18 years in prison for driving a police van
REF: 18 years in prison for driving a police van

HYP: He was driving at "Interactive Carroll"
REF: to be involuntarily committed due

HYP: a National Guard guard near the River Pool Trail
REF: the National Guard near the Little Pee Dee River.

HYP: He ran and firefighters pulled to a lake deck
REF: Firefighters were called and cut off the van’s roof and

HYP: there are problems with equipment and the National Guard
REF: pointing to equipment problems and the National Guard troops

HYP: unintentional manslaughter and guilty of two counts of reckless homicide
REF: involuntary manslaughter and two counts of reckless homicide.

HYP: to two counts of malicious intent in the future.
REF: two counts of involuntary manslaughter in the future.

HYP: The office of the coroner was sent to a medical examiner
REF: who then sent it to a medical examiner and

HYP: between the ages of 5,500 and 6,600.
REF: between 5500 and 6000 B.C.

HYP: after being removed after it was an insult
REF: but later took it down because it is considered offensive

HYP: for their ancient skeletons
REF: their ancestors’ bones.

HYP: The FBI analyst's opinion shows that
REF: The F.B.I. anthropologist said there was

HYP: the man was hit by a crotch head wound.
REF: the man sustained a severe head wound

HYP: It is Friday, March 25.
REF: It is Friday, March 25.

HYP: girders wraps hauled off and flown up about
REF: which people are strapped on seats as it is raised about

HYP: is missing.
REF: this fall.

HYP: The Washington Post reported that Grignia Thomas,
REF: The Washington Post reported that Ginni Thomas,

HYP: in the.
REF: on the Capitol.

HYP: over the theories that have existed
REF: such as machines rigging votes,

HYP: in the seat.
REF: the White House.

HYP: in but related related news,
REF: In separate news,

HYP: landed in a shelter hole when it crashed.
REF: the building's shelters when it was struck.

HYP: galley to the sides, not
REF: on the floor outside of the theater,

HYP: on humans, especially babies and young children,
REF: impact on human health, especially in babies and

HYP: Have a good weekend and stay with the light.
REF: Have a good weekend and stay with the light.

HYP: It is seen that there are many serious events in Ukrainian situation.
REF: Clearly there is a lot going on with Ukraine.

HYP: with ruined.
REF: inflicting scenes of destruction.

HYP: News reports say people can hear bombs
REF: News reports said there are sounds of explosions and

HYP: shots fired for second consecutive night near Kiev city
REF: gunfire for a second straight night around Kiev.

HYP: The U.S. intelligence said Russian forces intend to completely
REF: U.S. intelligence said Russian troops want to encircle

HYP: About 50,000 people have fled Ukraine.
REF: About 50,000 people have escaped Ukraine so far.

HYP: we're all at.
REF: We are all here.

HYP: "Putin is crazy, mad" and fought back in.
REF: He said Putin is "crazy and evil" and vowed to fight back.

HYP: Zelensky said he has tried to call NATO,
REF: Zelensky said he asked NATO,

HYP: as a military quick-response team that
REF: which is a military quick response team consisting of

HYP: Ukraine several countries border of its in
REF: but several neighboring countries to Ukraine are

HYP: his foreign minister Sergei Lavandov,
REF: and his foreign minister Sergey Lavrov.

HYP: large financial penalties.
REF: They will only impose financial penalties.

HYP: Jones is now a judge in the D.C. Federal Court of Appeals.
REF: Jackson is a judge in the DC Circuit Court of Appeals.

HYP: bringing it to this in his professional journey.
REF: for delivering her to this point in her professional journey.

HYP: They are hoping to get Jones elected by April 11.
REF: They hope to get Jackson confirmed by April 11.

HYP: down, and moderate risk.
REF: low, medium, or high.

HYP: an executive order to protect and support
REF: an executive order that protects and supports

HYP: His spokesman said he climbed during
REF: His spokesperson said he tripped during

HYP: She was struck down in August 2019 and
REF: and suffered a fall in August 2019,

HYP: There was security guard and the driver fired fire.
REF: There was a shootout between the robbers and security.

HYP: killed at least eight people and caused power outages
REF: Ukraine, killing at least nine people and knocking out power

HYP: Ukraine said there were 81 missiles fired overnight and
REF: Ukraine said 81 missiles were fired overnight and

HYP: 47 of them were hit.
REF: that 47 of them hit targets.

HYP: killed by a rocket hit in a residential area.
REF: were killed when a rocket struck a residential area.

HYP: President Biden issued a $6.3 trillion proposal
REF: President Biden released a $6.8 trillion budget proposal

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: Last night a grand jury in Manhattan charged
REF: Yesterday evening the grand jury in Manhattan indicted

HYP: Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg tweeted in a statement
REF: The Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg tweeted a statement

HYP: He is not at fault, that the accident caused
REF: she was not at fault in an accident that caused

HYP: a retired orthopedic surgeon, who broke a leg
REF: a retired Utah optometrist to sustain broken ribs

HYP: with concussion.
REF: and a concussion.

HYP: The FBI released documents of its investigation on
REF: The FBI released documents of its investigation into

HYP: She went up to her office,
REF: from high up in his hotel room at

HYP: he paid out hundreds of thousands in Los Angeles and Virginia and
REF: He gambled hundreds of thousands of dollars in Las Vegas, Reno,

HYP: and make deep down.
REF: due to his losses.

HYP: The All England Club, which organises
REF: The All England Club, which organizes and

HYP: The Talan's Palm Sunday festival.
REF: the Vatican's Palm Sunday ceremonies.

HYP: MiamiOccidio announced plans to release ABC's
REF: The Miami Seaquarium said it plans to release an orca

HYP: the Pacific Ocean within two years.
REF: the Pacific Northeast within two years.

HYP: That's all the top stories for this week.
REF: That is all the top stories for this week.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: This morning, a man with an AR-15 rifle opened up
REF: This morning, a man carrying an AR-15-style rifle shot up

HYP: The shooter has been identified as Connor Sturgeon,
REF: The shooter was identified as Connor Sturgeon,

HYP: that the bank was his bank.
REF: that the bank was his bank.

HYP: no sense of gun violence and called on
REF: after a senseless act of gun violence and called on

HYP: Republicans in Congress to pass strict gun laws.
REF: Republicans in Congress to pass stricter gun laws.

HYP: A grand jury has charged the mother:
REF: A grand jury indicted the mother, named Deja Taylor,

HYP: Criminal child abuse, misconduct and negligent treatment
REF: with felony child neglect and misdemeanor recklessly leaving

HYP: him to an elementary school.
REF: brought it to the elementary school.

HYP: if they had the weapon.
REF: that the boy had a gun.

HYP: July, 2020, by Gillian Foster.
REF: July 2020 named Garrett Foster.

HYP: In court, prosecutors said Perry walked the red light
REF: During the trial, prosecutors said Perry ran a red light

HYP: deliberating for three days.
REF: deliberating for two days.

HYP: The district attorney in Texas said the governor is not able
REF: The district attorney in Austin said a governor cannot get to

HYP: ALD approved an abortion pill called
REF: the FDA's approval of an abortion pill called

HYP: a week to allow Biden to appeal and
REF: a week to allow the Biden administration to file an appeal

HYP: he wanted to apologize to the boy and his family for
REF: he wants to apologize to the boy and his family for

HYP: he said he was many people teasing.
REF: He said he often teases people.

HYP: California was seen one of the most severe snowstorm
REF: California had one of the heaviest snow seasons

HYP: a snow avalanche in central areas of California between
REF: The snowpack in central California mountains is between

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: Lviv in Ukraine, which is near the border with Poland,
REF: The city of Lviv, Ukraine, which is near the border with Poland

HYP: to a ballroom.
REF: for bread.

HYP: were trapped in the city due to the war.
REF: before they became trapped due to the war.

HYP: "Grudge vile and persecuted" and he should take
REF: are scum and traitors and that they needed to be

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: of supervised release.
REF: be on supervised release.

HYP: The judge said this is a case of a police officer who made
REF: The judge said this was a case of a cop who made

HYP: a white twins being put down.
REF: The white teenager was left sitting on a couch.

HYP: The video featured New Jersey Governor Phillip Nol
REF: The video reached New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy,

HYP: Officers from the Brighamwood Police Department
REF: The officers were from the Bridgewater Police Department.

HYP: negative exposure to himself on a separate
REF: that they would negatively expose themselves to a separate

HYP: had a complaint.
REF: against him.

HYP: 2021 found that 71% of Americans identified as LGBTQ.
REF: 2021 found that 7.1% of Americans identify as LGBTQ.

HYP: The number 227 is equivalent to the same number 10 years ago
REF: This number is double from the same poll ten years ago,

HYP: only 2.5% adults identified as lgbt.
REF: as only 3.5% of adults identified as LGBTQ.

HYP: and won the gold medal in women's freestyle skipping.
REF: nabbed a silver in the women's freestyle skiing slopestyle.

HYP: It is not known how Gu arranged with China
REF: What is not clear is how Gu made the arrangement with China to

HYP: in the country.
REF: the two countries.

HYP: in the Atlantic Ocean.
REF: in the Atlantic Ocean.

HYP: That's all the top stories for this week.
REF: That is all the top stories for this week.

HYP: U.K. King Charles III became the queen yesterday
REF: U.K. King Charles III, who became a king yesterday

HYP: and was first in the door to tour.
REF: He is first in line to the throne.

HYP: not the Trump personal documents.
REF: not Trump’s personal records.

HYP: issue about national security.
REF: issues of national security is halted.

HYP: was at Trump's home was not appropriately fitted.
REF: Trump’s home that are not being properly stored.

HYP: The reporter's name is Jeff Grenon,
REF: The reporter’s name was Jeff German and

HYP: Police say Zeun drove to the reporter's house
REF: Police said Telles drove to the reporter’s home

HYP: The reporter ran out of the home was beaten.
REF: The reporter came out of his home and was stabbed to death.

HYP: after were arrested and are being held in prison.
REF: The two were then taken into custody and are now behind bars.

HYP: the office of for over five years.
REF: the sheriff’s office for over five years.

HYP: their hearts are broken.
REF: that their hearts are broken.

HYP: Red was founded in 1980.
REF: when it launched in 1980,

HYP: related to the coronavirus.
REF: unrelated to Covid-19.

HYP: Five other passengers went down, but they were trapped.
REF: The other person jumped off the balloon but Hu was stuck on it.

HYP: to how to slowly hollow it.
REF: gave him instructions to slowly deflate the balloon.

HYP: I do announce that it will be "The Daily Moth"
REF: I want to announce that I will no longer be doing

HYP: In separate but related news, on Thursday, a LGBTQ support group
REF: In separate but related news, on Thursday a LGBTQ advocacy group

HYP: across Texas from Texas the most illegal state.
REF: the "doorstop of Texas, the largest prohibition state."

HYP: to to intensify religion and our cultural
REF: so they could be converted and have their culture

HYP: stepping in several schools.
REF: discovered in graves at several schools.

HYP: Peter said it's very painful and
REF: The pope said he is "greatly pained" and

HYP: promised to visit Canada in the future.
REF: vowed to visit Canada in the future.

HYP: Bell Smith knocked to Chavin.
REF: Will Smith slapped Chris Rock,

HYP: The producer said there was LAPD police in question and asked
REF: The producer said LAPD officers were at the scene to ask if

HYP: have not already make the bad situation worse.
REF: said he didn't want to make a bad situation worse.

HYP: Wednesday said that a crowd was still progressing
REF: On Wednesday he told the crowd that he was "still processing

HYP: the "bull F".
REF: F--- Will Smith!

HYP: harshness on the oil reservoir plant.
REF: Kharkiv and conducted airstrikes on an oil depot.

HYP: The city of Belgorsk.
REF: the Russian city of Belgorod.

HYP: Have a good weekend and stay with the light.
REF: Have a good weekend and stay with the light.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: the Trump Organization, pleaded guilty to tax violations
REF: the Trump Organization, pleaded guilty to tax violations

HYP: prison and pay fees of about $1 million.
REF: in prison and pay fines of about $2 million.

HYP: reduce law enforcement absenteeism and increase events
REF: less traffic enforcement on roads and the prevalence of

HYP: the man thought the woman crashed into
REF: The man thought the woman was injured

HYP: knots and areas on the edge that can be seen the sky.
REF: and Des Moines and areas along the latitude could see them.

HYP: NFL congressional quarterback Dhathane Warson will be
REF: Cleveland Browns quarterback Deshaun Watson will be

HYP: violated the NFL's personal conduct policy
REF: violating the NFL's personal conduct policy

HYP: the court said watson must be suspended six games
REF: decided that Watson should be suspended for six games

HYP: abusing during sex that had a sexual intention
REF: drape himself during massages and had a "sexual purpose"

HYP: an impression to perform the job without
REF: in arranging the massage appointments without

HYP: without giving any permission from suppliers.
REF: the knowledge or consent of the therapists.

HYP: The NFL appealed the decisions to want to get
REF: The NFL appealed the ruling because it wanted Watson to be

HYP: Now the case is settled with
REF: But now the case is resolved with

HYP: a game suspended.
REF: this 11-game suspension settlement.

HYP: Today a federal judge in Florida said
REF: Today a federal judge in Florida said

HYP: Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago home can be
REF: Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago home

HYP: That means we can see more reports of this affidavit.
REF: So we may see more details when the affidavit is released,

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: He was infected with Covid-19 in 2021
REF: She was infected with the coronavirus in 2021

HYP: less than 200 people.
REF: fewer than 200 people."

HYP: Brian Walhe, who is suspected of killing his wife, Anna Walle,
REF: Brian Walshe on suspicion that he killed his wife Ana Walshe,

HYP: His gear search on January 1st how to put away a body
REF: his Google searches on January 1 on how to dispose of a dead body

HYP: They have surveillance video from January 3 that shows
REF: They have a surveillance video from January 3 that shows

HYP: Brian drove to a dumpster and brought things to
REF: Brian driving to a dumpster and carrying and discarding items

HYP: that has been damaged by fragments and migrants
REF: destroyed by trash workers, who shredded and incinerated things

HYP: On January 8, police searched Brian's home and
REF: When police searched Brian's home on January 8,

HYP: the bottom of box.
REF: with blood on it.

HYP: Ilysa Patriciaz, her son Naychochen.
REF: Alissa Parraz and her son Nycholas.

HYP: illegal activities, but did indicate all the victims
REF: illegal activity but emphasized that not all the victims were

HYP: Police said there were three people survived the shooting
REF: Police said there were three survivors of the shooting

HYP: that could cause brightness damage.
REF: that may have caused poor visibility.

HYP: Ukraine's Foreign Minister of the DPR, Darya Moskatsky, which
REF: Ukraine's minister of internal affairs Denys Monastyrsky was

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: It is Friday, April 22.
REF: It is Friday, April 22.

HYP: Boxing star Mike Tyson was featured on a video on TMZ posting
REF: Boxing star Mike Tyson was seen on a video published by TMZ

HYP: The video shows that before the fight,
REF: The video shows that prior to the fight,

HYP: saw was silent to the man.
REF: who sat silently and ignored him.

HYP: lawyer advocates may take legal action.
REF: has hired an attorney and may take legal action.

HYP: The Supreme Court oversaw a case that
REF: The Supreme Court was considering a case of

HYP: a phone call with Rep. Liz Cheney (Woy),
REF: in a phone call with Rep. Liz Cheney (R-Wyo)

HYP: to impeach and the potential board may find
REF: Trump would be impeached and possibly be convicted

HYP: The audio is surprising
REF: The audio recording is unexpected

HYP: can cause severe illness such as fever and
REF: It causes serious fever-like symptoms and

HYP: federal court in Atlanta testified to
REF: a federal court in Atlanta to testify about whether

HYP: Goodman testified that he doesn't know any plan to
REF: Greene testified that she didn't know about any plans to

HYP: on January 6.
REF: on Jan 6.

HYP: Grey said she had to flee from the Capitol
REF: Greene said she had to evacuate

HYP: his goal for the war in Ukraine is to take
REF: his objective in the war in Ukraine is to achieve

HYP: UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said it is possible that
REF: UK PM Boris Johnson said it is possible that

HYP: Russia imports its Russian oil and national gas,
REF: Russian imports of oil and natural gas

HYP: foreign love from Russia and are getting oil
REF: of its oil from Russia and that we import oil from

HYP: other countries, such as Saudi Arabia,
REF: an array of other countries such as Saudi Arabia,

HYP: gas prices have risen at
REF: U.S. gasoline prices has climbed to

HYP: with California an average of 58.
REF: or an average of $5.28 in California.

HYP: the progress due to the Russian invasion.
REF: because of the Russian invasion.

HYP: a 15-year-old boy and injured two female students
REF: a 15-year-old boy and injured two female students

HYP: murder of first degree murder and the investigation found that
REF: with first-degree murder after their investigation determined

HYP: The ages of those charged were between 14 and 18.
REF: The ages of those who were charged ranged from 14 to 17.

HYP: The two girls were famous to be doing
REF: The two girls who was hit were bystanders caught

HYP: with the January 6 Capitol assault.
REF: connection to the Jan 6. Capitol riot.

HYP: was charged with cooperating with
REF: but he is accused of coordinating and communicating

HYP: blocking Congress, bringing firearms to D.C.,
REF: obstruction of Congress, bringing guns into D.C.,

HYP: and threatened his own daughter before returning to
REF: threatening his son and daughter when he returned to

HYP: This is the first federal trial on the Capitol riot.
REF: This is the first federal trial related to the Capitol riot.

HYP: There are still over 500 cases concerning protesters Governor
REF: There are still over 500 more cases involving Capitol rioters

HYP: the powers have in Russia.
REF: the level of support Putin has in Russia.

HYP: Ukrainian President Zelensky gave a virtual address to
REF: Ukrainian President Zelensky gave a virtual address to

HYP: The parliament applauded to Zelensky,
REF: The members of parliament gave Zelensky a standing ovation

HYP: said that Chery programs with Russia will still
REF: and that its charity program in Russia would

HYP: to continue.
REF: continue to operate.

HYP: It is March 17.
REF: It is March 17.

HYP: being giving the house.
REF: to drop off flowers.

HYP: phone harassment.
REF: telephone harassment.

HYP: He never appeared to the trial and never
REF: but he did not show up to the hearing and

HYP: Police officers found the couple and Brian dead.
REF: When police arrived, they found the couple and Ramin dead.

HYP: This is for every victim, every person,
REF: that this is every victim's, every detective's,

HYP: Bloomberg News reported that banks have borrowed
REF: Bloomberg reported that banks have borrowed

HYP: the collapse of the Silicon Valley Bank
REF: the wake of the failure of Silicon Valley Bank of

HYP: AP News explained that higher island can help slow inflation as
REF: AP said "higher rates can help tame inflation by

HYP: loading economy, but the island has a higher risk of
REF: slowing the economy, but they raise a risk of

HYP: In separate news,
REF: In separate news,

HYP: The Chinese government said it plans to discuss with Ukraine
REF: The Chinese government said they plan to bring up Ukraine

HYP: a meeting and says it aims to promote peace.
REF: during the meetings with the goal to urge peace.

HYP: Gigi hasn't just made one phone call with
REF: but Xi has not had a single phone call with

HYP: he has issued an arrest warrant for Putin.
REF: has issued an arrest warrant for Putin,

HYP: likely investigation or a his private balloon.
REF: were likely to be research or private balloons and

HYP: Biden said he plans to talk to Chinese President Xi Jinping
REF: Biden said he plans to talk with Chinese President Xi Jinping

HYP: Biden said there is no evidence that there is increasing
REF: Biden said there is no evidence of a sudden increase in

HYP: Biden is now noticing more because they have changed
REF: saying they just see more things because they've adjusted

HYP: his chief of staff team announced yesterday that
REF: His chief of staff announced this yesterday and

HYP: in recent weeks.
REF: in recent weeks.

HYP: Fussel's wife, Ginnelle, says he's "very proud that
REF: Fetterman's wife, Gisele, said she is very proud of him

HYP: help for fear of he panicked
REF: for help because she was scared at how her husband

HYP: he threatened him and his daughter.
REF: threatening her and her daughter.

HYP: Badley's family filed a wrongful death lawsuit.
REF: Bagley's family has filed a wrongful-death lawsuit.

HYP: Baguri escaped from police, but it is not meant to
REF: Bagley ran from the police but that shouldn't mean

HYP: its software full self-flying FDCS (
REF: that its "Full Self-Driving Beta (FSD)" feature may

HYP: Russell said he has placed on the National Basketball
REF: The recall notice was posted on the National Highway Traffic

HYP: by the video.
REF: on surveillance video.

HYP: at the fitness gym.
REF: in the gym before.

HYP: freedom of imprisonment, intrusion, and kidnapping.
REF: false imprisonment, burglary, and kidnappings.

HYP: lived about 160 million years ago.
REF: that lived about 166 million years ago.

HYP: They said it's imagine that the dinosaur dived to
REF: They said it is fun to think that this dinosaur was strolling

HYP: It is Wednesday, January 25.
REF: It is Wednesday, January 25.

HYP: The U.S. Biden administration plans to send about 30 tanks M
REF: The Biden administration plans to send about 30 M1 Abrams tanks

HYP: The U.S. and Germany said they expect to provide training
REF: The U.S. and Germany are expected to provide training to

HYP: is now itching up and up to 10 seconds.
REF: has moved the clock forward 10 seconds.

HYP: it is now at 98 miles from midnight.
REF: The clock is now 90 seconds away from midnight.

HYP: Scientists said Russia's war also causes a weakening
REF: The scientists said Russia’s war has also weakened

HYP: The senators on the judicial committee said
REF: Senators on the Judiciary Committee said

HYP: have parents to deliver their son through sulugam,
REF: are now parents to a baby son via surrogate.

HYP: It is then that a separate person to get pregnant
REF: This is a process in which a separate person carries

HYP: fell out in an aircraft engine in
REF: when she was sucked into a jet engine at

HYP: The National Transport Security Staff (NBS) is
REF: The National Transportation Safety Board did

HYP: the machine in and that the worker has been warned of
REF: running jet engines and had received a warning

HYP: behind the plane's bottom, got down and walked off,
REF: the rear of a parked aircraft and walked along

HYP: said he was turned to his family by working
REF: saying “she was away from her family working on

HYP: on international life ship to make sure passengers showed to
REF: New Year’s Eve making sure passengers got to

HYP: filed an antitrust suit against Google and
REF: filed an antitrust lawsuit against Google and

HYP: to organizations to grow.
REF: and publishers to grow.”

HYP: the search technology.
REF: its search results technology.

HYP: as well as the Supreme Court's roe v. Wade.
REF: if Roe v. Wade is overturned.

HYP: which people in these states will have to go to
REF: So people who live in these states would have to travel to

HYP: confirmed death and the numbers that should be expected if there are not
REF: occurred and the number that would be expected in the absence

HYP: WHO said it feels many countries are under numbers.
REF: The WHO believes many countries undercounted their numbers.

HYP: The deaths include those who died because they did not get
REF: The excess deaths includes those who died from not receiving

HYP: hospitals because they are overwhelmed clinics.
REF: healthcare due to overwhelmed hospitals or clinics.

HYP: the U.S. is providing intelligence information on Russian military movements
REF: the U.S. has "provided intelligence about Russian units

HYP: An Ukrainian military official said
REF: an Ukrainian military leader said

HYP: The Ukrainian president was Nazi.
REF: Ukraine's president, who is Jewish, a Nazi.

HYP: criticizing it as being "antiethical lies".
REF: and condemned it as antisemitic lies.

HYP: a police car last week.
REF: her law enforcement vehicle last week.

HYP: Police warned that the couple was considered
REF: Law enforcement are warning that the pair should be considered

HYP: long before the U.S. became
REF: New Mexico long before the United States came

HYP: struck and covered with the Native areas
REF: They intermarried with Native Americans" and

HYP: There are over 12 other wildfires
REF: There are over 12 other wildfires

HYP: in the American history.
REF: in the American Southwest.

HYP: President Biden said he has an experience
REF: Biden said she has "the experience,

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: shot himself.
REF: committing suicide.

HYP: In the second news summary,
REF: The second news brief is that the Keith Wann

HYP: that they have been a reconciliation to satisfy both courts.
REF: “this has been settled to the satisfaction of both parties.”

HYP: You ask what the exact settlement of grant
REF: I asked what the terms of the settlement were,

HYP: sirf has denied that he was making any excesses.
REF: but TDF said it is confidential and had no further comment.

HYP: Wallace was white and was the church's
REF: Wann, who is white and a hearing/CODA interpreter,

HYP: "The King Queen", but the proposal was removed several
REF: “The Lion King” but had that offer rescinded a few days later

HYP: many deaf and other handicapped participants with
REF: deaf and disabled audiences with opportunities

HYP: gave statements on the show,
REF: by providing interpreters or captions,

HYP: because of "classes" actors "black and Bicycle"
REF: which is composed of an all Black/BIPOC cast.

HYP: The summary and it is possible that the agreement to satisfy the laws
REF: It is possible that the settlement meets these demands,

HYP: the two issued a statement on Tuesday.
REF: released a joint statement on Tuesday saying

HYP: and his wife, Cherelle.
REF: Griner's wife, Cherelle.

HYP: Griner was arrested after Russian authorities found
REF: Griner was arrested after Russian authorities found

HYP: He is now flying to the U.S. at
REF: Now she's on a plane to the U.S. at the time

HYP: and a former U.S. Marine Paul Whelan.
REF: in a swap - former Marine Paul Whelan.

HYP: There are criticism besides Whites.
REF: but there was also criticism for leaving behind Whelan.

HYP: Rhodes said in an interview with CNN that Russia considers
REF: Whelan said in an interview with CNN today that Russia put him

HYP: CNN explained that the bill would not set
REF: CNN explained that while the bill would not set

HYP: that recognized another state's sexual marriages.
REF: recognize another state's legal marriage.

HYP: protesting against contract negotiations.
REF: protest contract negotiations.

HYP: UNI employees of New York workers said they want more pay
REF: The union representing the Times workers said they want more pay

HYP: otherogram sheets.
REF: as an ingredient.

HYP: said it is reason for
REF: because he thought it was reasonable for

HYP: the other woman also hoped to have a mozzarella cheese
REF: the Illinois woman to expect there to be mozzarella cheese

HYP: laid on a plank with another tile.
REF: because it is sold on shelves with other potato chips.

HYP: Iran's embassy announced that authorities executed a
REF: Iranian state media reported that authorities executed a man

HYP: a security guard and was killed.
REF: attack a security guard.

HYP: Axios said this could be the first execution in response to
REF: Axios said it may be the first execution in response to

HYP: for the Democratic Senators Raphael Warnock
REF: between Democratic Sen. Raphael Warnock and

HYP: got at least 50% of the vote.
REF: at least 50% of the vote.

HYP: The remaining two Senate races were in Arizona and Nevada.
REF: The remaining two Senate races are in Arizona and Nevada with

HYP: that was once dominated by Democrats.
REF: previously occupied by a Republican.

HYP: She won a third term.
REF: won a third term.

HYP: compared with about 176 blue Senate seats.
REF: compared with about 176 “blue” seats.

HYP: Last night I predicted that the Republicans would
REF: last night predicting that Republicans would take

HYP: This means that voting in the five states
REF: This means that voters in these five states and

HYP: and nationwide access to abortion rights
REF: across the nation view access to abortion as

HYP: which is important the right to persist after
REF: an important right to maintain in wake of

HYP: The president said the account will remain in Ukraine
REF: The president said the statue would be in Ukraine

HYP: NBC News said it was allowed for people
REF: NBC News explained that it is permissible for travelers to

HYP: announced it will dismiss 11,000 jobs
REF: said it is laying off 11,000 employees.

HYP: News reports said the pardons before Meon was struggling
REF: News reports said the layoffs come after Meta has struggled

HYP: Martin also saw his advertising revenues be reduced
REF: Meta has also seen its advertising revenue decline,

HYP: It is Wednesday, April 4.
REF: It is Wednesday, April 6.

HYP: Amsterdam authorities have seized 14 yachts in coasts
REF: Netherlands authorities seized 14 yachts in shipyards

HYP: was on the man's.
REF: Locke was sleeping in.

HYP: The missing in the head is more severe than
REF: That knowledge gap is even more pronounced

HYP: A fox bit a U.S. congressman and a woman on the ground
REF: A fox bit a U.S. congressman and a woman on grounds

HYP: The congressman is Representative Bonnie Dupers (D-Calif.)
REF: The congressman was Rep. Ami Bera (D-California).

HYP: Stormy Daniels will have to pay about $120,000
REF: Stormy Daniels must pay about $120,000 of

HYP: the legal award to Trump.
REF: in attorney fee awards.

HYP: there has been no arrests and police have not released
REF: There have been no arrests and police did not release

HYP: Schneider, a German, who created a game called
REF: Teuber, who is German, created and released a game called

HYP: Carton said they would remember Susterbo as
REF: The Catan company said they would remember Klaus Teuber

HYP: criminal and leaked information from the jury jury".
REF: a criminal and that he leaked information from the grand jury.

HYP: to the U.S. House.
REF: from the U.S. Mint.

HYP: One of his most famous role is in the film "Shahana Ethers".
REF: One of her best-known roles is in "Shanghai Express."

HYP: Walker died at the age of 56 in 1961.
REF: Wong died at the age of 56 in 1961.

HYP: This picture is the same area in the space
REF: This is an image of the same area of space

HYP: The mother, Ruth Warwickham, said Ye made a false statement
REF: The mother, Roxie Washington, said Ye made the false statement

HYP: Putin said it was because of an offensive
REF: Putin said he is doing this because there is armed force

HYP: touching of Russian.
REF: used against Russian territory.

HYP: This means that Putin declares a military law that
REF: So this means Putin's announcement of martial law is

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: U.S. Defense Secretary Austin and U.S. Secretary of State Brinken
REF: U.S. Defense Sec. Austin and U.S. Sec. of State Blinken

HYP: Last week Musk bought over 9% of Twitter's shares,
REF: Three weeks ago Musk purchased over 9% of Twitter's shares

HYP: Last week Musk said he's obtained $4.5 billion of
REF: Last week Musk said he's lined up $46.5 billion of financing to

HYP: now it can.
REF: Now it may happen.

HYP: Winon Brue (5);
REF: he was from Boulder, Colorado.

HYP: a type of "capability" to cause climate change.
REF: bring attention to climate crisis.

HYP: Arizona, has died at the age of 118.
REF: She was born in 1903.

HYP: when he was younger, he ran
REF: married, and had five children.

HYP: praying on the court after the game.
REF: to pray on the field after games.

HYP: He was fired in 2015 because he refused to stand kneeling
REF: who was fired in 2015 for refusing to stop kneeling

HYP: Analysts said this case is foggy border on
REF: Analysts say this case blurs the lines between

HYP: his personal religious conscience.
REF: to express his personal faith.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: The temperature was at 123 degrees F because of heat.
REF: during temperatures that reached 123 F due to a heat wave.

HYP: Elgirn was a former Marine Corps coach.
REF: Kelleher was a former Marine Corps captain

HYP: The California State Bulldogs defeated the Brooklyn Cavaliers
REF: The Golden State Warriors beat the Boston Celtics

HYP: Their names are Tony Sach Huyhe (27)
REF: Their names are Andy Tai Ngoc Huynh (27)

HYP: There is a CNN report that said
REF: Today CNN reported

HYP: Karlson said in Cherson, a viewing monitor
REF: Kurpasi was in Kherson at an observation post and

HYP: that Hickerhovichov can recover COVID-19.
REF: to claim that hydroxychloroquine could cure Covid-19?

HYP: put in a prison in London.
REF: placed in a London prison.

HYP: when judged of his charges,
REF: and convicted of his charges,

HYP: He faces up to 175 years in prison.
REF: he faces up to 175 years in prison.

HYP: Willes issued a statement saying that Stephen is not criminal
REF: Wikileaks said in a statement that Assange is not a criminal

HYP: A 72-year-old man opened fire inside a church in Alabama
REF: A 71-year-old man opened fire inside of a church in Alabama

HYP: Two people were killed and one third was injured.
REF: Two people were killed and a third person was wounded.

HYP: The two victims were Willard Rossay (84),
REF: The two victims were Walter Rainey (84)

HYP: she will be released her name if they are charged
REF: they will reveal his identity when they charge him

HYP: in place lack of access to Covid-19 vaccines.
REF: that had no access to coronavirus vaccines.

HYP: The FDA said it "the known and potential benefits
REF: The FDA said “the known and potential benefits of

HYP: before the vaccines will be available after.
REF: and the vaccines will be available shortly after that.

HYP: His doctors said it negative test for Covid-19 on
REF: His physician said he tested negative for the virus on

HYP: Police said they believe that the couples may be connected
REF: Now, police said they believe the killings may be related

HYP: found the vehicle of a suspect.
REF: locating a vehicle of interest.

HYP: Police did not provide more information about recently.
REF: They didn't provide details of the most recent shooting.

HYP: The bill will face climate change
REF: The bill would address climate change by

HYP: to the Lunar.
REF: and sick leave program,

HYP: The goal was to block the Manchin.
REF: but these goals were blocked by Manchin.

HYP: the Palestinian government and a militant group called
REF: the Israeli government and a militia group called

HYP: The deaths included at least 15 Palestinian children.
REF: The dead includes at least 15 Palestinian children.

HYP: from the victims.
REF: were injured by rocket attacks.

HYP: ISIS Muhammad said 12 of their leaders were killed.
REF: Islamic Jihad said 12 of its leaders and members were killed.

HYP: News reports said an investigation from
REF: News reports said an investigation conducted

HYP: local voting boards and warn.
REF: local clerks and tampered with them.

HYP: state Representative Katie Edwards (R-Laulyi),
REF: State Rep. Daire Rendon (R-Lake City),

HYP: the election this year.
REF: during this year's elections.

HYP: in Louisiana because it could be a conflict
REF: over the case because of a potential conflict

HYP: Sheriff Leigh sued the state of Michigan by saying
REF: Sheriff Leaf has filed a lawsuit against the state of Michigan

HYP: Opening opened Biden honored Nancy Pelosi.
REF: In the beginning, Biden honored Nancy Pelosi.

HYP: Biden said the largest companies in the U.S. are required to pay
REF: Biden said the largest corporations in America should

HYP: many republicans shouted out.
REF: there were multiple Republicans who shouted objections and

HYP: said it a happy moment that all are
REF: Biden then seized the moment to say that now we are all in

HYP: Faury gave honour to the parents of
REF: Biden took a solemn moment to honor the parents of

HYP: a shooter during new year's eve or used a new moment to
REF: the Lunar New Year shooter and then used that moment to call

HYP: strict gun laws.
REF: for stricter gun legislation.

HYP: the invasion in Ukraine last year that promised
REF: his invasion of Ukraine last year and said he is committed to

HYP: the past 10 years.
REF: in the past decade.

HYP: the airstrike hit thousands of
REF: that have joined tens of thousands of

HYP: the within the building.
REF: who was in the building.

HYP: The game was stopped to mark that moment.
REF: The game was stopped to mark the moment.

HYP: this morning.
REF: This happened this morning.

HYP: He saw a bus driver, a 51-year-old man stepped off the car after the crash
REF: a 51-year-old man, stepped out of the bus after the collision,

HYP: of the daytime.
REF: from the daycare.

HYP: One of the five officers was fired and charged with
REF: One of the five officers who were fired and charged

HYP: seven more others may face discipline related to
REF: seven more cops may face discipline in connection

HYP: to a pip management company.
REF: and contacted a pest control company.

HYP: destroyed out of by a silkworm punch at
REF: total that were stored by woodpeckers who put them in

HYP: A specialist of typewriters said that it is common type of Twitter on
REF: An expert on woodpeckers said a common species of bird

HYP: typically swallow small and store up food to maintain
REF: They typically drill small holes and hoard food to keep

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: on Saturday.
REF: on Saturday.

HYP: had a recent angry statement against the group.
REF: had recently made angry statements about the group.

HYP: the person was alive.
REF: the mother survived.

HYP: Trump's spokesman said the threats to be charged are
REF: Trump's spokesperson said the threat to indict is

HYP: We will know more next week in
REF: We will know more next week about

HYP: with information records.
REF: what the Manhattan DA's office is going to do.

HYP: A Mexican cartel wrote a letter for the shootings and
REF: A Mexican cartel wrote a letter apologizing for shooting and

HYP: the border line last Friday.
REF: the border last Friday.

HYP: own decisions and to oppose the regulations of the committee.
REF: their own decisions and against the cartel's rules.

HYP: sinking down on the floor and
REF: their backs and lying face-down on the pavement.

HYP: three staff and a hospital crashed in
REF: that had three crew members and one patient crashed

HYP: the helicopter was seriously damaged.
REF: The helicopter was severely damaged.

HYP: yesterday were thrown out a raid on the gate after
REF: There was a run on the bank yesterday after

HYP: concerns about the stability of the bank.
REF: there were concerns about its stability.

HYP: on Monday morning.
REF: their money by Monday morning.

HYP: was caused in a panic to foresee
REF: there's no reason for panic about the stability of

HYP: Ready for the news?
REF: Ready for news?

HYP: The search appears to be similar to that the FBI searched
REF: The search seems to be similar to what the FBI did with

HYP: Police said the suspect was in the area of
REF: Police said the suspect was in the lobby area of

HYP: Officials at Colorado State Parks and Wildlife first
REF: Officials with Colorado State Parks and Wildlife first

HYP: in March last.
REF: last March.

HYP: It is rare for human on the virus,
REF: It is very rare for humans to contract the virus,

HYP: Animals were found dead in security water areas.
REF: The dead animals were discovered in protected coastal areas

HYP: Federal judge in the case said he was shocked by
REF: The federal judge in the case said it was shocking that

HYP: carrying a confederate flag into the Capitol,
REF: he brought a Confederate flag into the Capitol and

HYP: Evert apologized in front of the judge and said
REF: Seefried apologized before the court and said

HYP: Police said they shot and killed the driver.
REF: Police said they shot and killed the driver of the car.

HYP: On Thursday, Israeli forces shot killed a Palestinian after
REF: On Thursday, Israeli forces shot and killed a Palestinian after

HYP: a Palestinian teenager after he allegedly fired at
REF: killed a Palestinian teenager after he allegedly fired

HYP: Russia is also pushing many troops and sending equipment
REF: Russia has also sent many troops and equipment

HYP: push the campus to provide more support.
REF: to push allies to give him more support.

HYP: and EU ship and ferry ships.
REF: such as buses, trains, or ferries.

HYP: It is not clear to those traveling are still required masks.
REF: it is not clear if travelers will be required to wear masks.

HYP: We'll have a clear image tomorrow.
REF: We should have a clearer picture by tomorrow.

HYP: The Boston Bruins Jockeys concluded today their traditional
REF: The Boston Marathon took place today on its traditional date

HYP: prominent jazz producer joe sanders who aims to provide support for
REF: celebrity chef José Andres to provide humanitarian meals to

HYP: for livestock disasters.
REF: those affected by disasters.

HYP: storage equipment to another place that will continue to
REF: kitchen equipment to another location and vowed to keep on

HYP: news reports said:
REF: News reports said

HYP: The African Government said it would send military personnel to support
REF: South Africa said it would send military personnel to support

HYP: conspiratorial lawyer alex jones has requested for a bankruptcy
REF: conspiracy theorist Alex Jones, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy

HYP: detrimental damage, provided DEFFs,
REF: damages by default.

HYP: the court by
REF: refused to cooperate with the court,

HYP: He announced that they have agreements to
REF: said it has reached agreements to pay

HYP: The women's team has been more successful
REF: The women’s team has been far more successful

HYP: the men's team on international tournaments
REF: than the men’s team on the international stage,

HYP: The agreement would also provide child care payments
REF: The agreement also extends child care payments for

HYP: the U.S. men's football team
REF: the U.S. men’s soccer team,

HYP: Minneapolis police officer Thomas Lane,
REF: Minneapolis police officer Thomas Lane,

HYP: He pleaded guilty to aiding and abetting manslaughter
REF: pleaded guilty to aiding and abetting manslaughter.

HYP: All the ones were known,
REF: All three who were shot were Korean and

HYP: the suspect did participate in a car crash with
REF: the suspect was in a car crash with

HYP: approached the Asian Asians.
REF: when he is around anyone of Asian descent.

HYP: Cooperger was a star in the Republican Party
REF: He was once a GOP star

HYP: but there were several crisis catastrophe.
REF: but a series of scandals tanked him.

HYP: Here are the top stories from the weekend.
REF: Here are top stories from the weekend.

HYP: Kevin McCarthy finally became Speaker of the House after
REF: Kevin McCarthy finally became the Speaker of the House after

HYP: and he fired it to one of the conservative
REF: as she handed it to one of the conservative Republicans

HYP: It ended McCarthy and Republicans managed
REF: In the end, McCarthy and the Republican rebels reached

HYP: any attempt to raise the debt ceiling of
REF: Any move to raise the debt ceiling must also be accompanied

HYP: an investigation of federal government vandalism,
REF: the "weaponization of the federal government."

HYP: who is a Democratic leader in the House.
REF: making him the Democratic leader in the House.

HYP: since 2013.
REF: since 2013.

HYP: Police are investigating how the boy got
REF: Police are now investigating how the boy got ahold

HYP: But the justice system has the authority to
REF: But the justice system has authority to take action

HYP: on Monday night.
REF: Sunday night.

HYP: pulled soil and bags from customers.
REF: demanding money and wallets from customers.

HYP: Police said they wanted to talk to the customer.
REF: Police said they wanted to talk with the customer.

HYP: under Texas law for the right to self defense
REF: under Texas law because people are entitled to self-defense

HYP: violated the state's Cardinal Area
REF: violated the state's Racketeer Influenced and

HYP: His name Givan's attorney is Trey G. Dickinson,
REF: the case - Gunna, whose legal name is Sergio G. Kitchens.

HYP: there was a winter storm, floods and floods
REF: due to a series of winter storms, flooding, and mudslides

HYP: areas from South Carolina to south California.
REF: in areas from Sacramento to Southern California.

HYP: USA Today said at least 12 people have died
REF: USA Today reported that at least 12 people have died

HYP: was sentenced to five years in prison.
REF: has been sentenced to five years in prison.

HYP: assaulting a police officer and causing a criminal disturbance.
REF: including assaulting officers and civil disorder.

HYP: and pieces.
REF: broken pieces of glass.

HYP: They said it's the largest cylindrical repository
REF: It was described as the largest cylindrical free-standing

HYP: Dunn stood in the backyard and yelled at his teeth
REF: Dean went into the backyard with a flashlight.

HYP: through the window.
REF: he opened fire at her.

HYP: break a window of it as it is turned.
REF: and looked out the window - that's when she was shot.

HYP: Dean didn't identify himself as a police officer.
REF: Dean never identified himself as a police officer.

HYP: On Thursday night, Elon Musk of Twitter suspended
REF: On Thursday night Elon Musk's Twitter suspended

HYP: Journalists work at various places such as CNN,
REF: The reporters worked for outlets such as CNN and

HYP: releasing her private information sharing her area and putting her life in danger.
REF: sharing his location and putting his life at risk.

HYP: his wife's name is Cherelle.
REF: her wife, Cherelle.

HYP: scratching animal, but the boy was able to be saved
REF: a hippopotamus but the boy was rescued after

HYP: and spit at the boy.
REF: made it release the boy.

HYP: released the boy with his parents.
REF: was released back to his parents.

HYP: Paul Alig.
REF: Paul Iga, is okay.

HYP: He can share the story for the rest of his life.
REF: He can share that story for the rest of his life.

HYP: That's all the top stories for this week.
REF: That is all the top stories for this week.

HYP: The correctional officer's name is Vicky White,
REF: The jail official's name is Vicky White,

HYP: has been in jail for attempted murder
REF: He was serving a prison sentence for attempted murder and

HYP: Authorities said it is possible that
REF: Authorities said it is possible that

HYP: in many weeks.
REF: for many weeks.

HYP: Those who escaped said they'd gone through hell.
REF: Those who escaped said they went through "hell."

HYP: In Australia, a man faces a life sentence in prison for pushing
REF: In Australia, a man faces life in prison for pushing

HYP: Prosecutors said it was a gay hate crime.
REF: Prosecutors say this is a "gay hate crime."

HYP: a forensic pathologist who studied in 1989 said.
REF: suicide because that's what a coroner said in 1989.

HYP: attacked because they looked at
REF: who attacked him because they perceived him
0014055-2022.5.2.mp4	7.333	AP News said White's former wife came forward
0014062-2022.5.2.mp4	2.833	Again, he will be sentenced tomorrow and
0014063-2022.5.2.mp4	1.75	faces life in prison.
0014065-2022.5.2.mp4	7.208	Defense Secretary, said in an upcoming book
0014071-2022.5.2.mp4	2.792	Can't you just shoot them?

HYP: Eppe's book will be released next week.
REF: Esper's book will come out next week.

HYP: Christian Christian organization wanted to have its flag fly
REF: a Christian organization to have their flag raised

HYP: in the city, then other organization flags
REF: the city flag or flying another organization's flag,

HYP: the Constitution Declaration to wish a white flag with
REF: Camp Constitution to raise a white flag with a red cross

HYP: an embossed sign, called "the Christian flag".
REF: on a blue square, which is called the "Christian flag."

HYP: Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer wrote:
REF: now Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer said

HYP: the court's majority opinion.
REF: in the court's majority opinion that

HYP: A 20-year-old gunman opened fire this morning at
REF: A 20-year-old gunman opened fire this morning at

HYP: Officers fired at the suspect and shot.
REF: and exchanged gunfire with the suspect and

HYP: Officers shot and killed the suspect,
REF: were able to shoot him.

HYP: The school's name is
REF: The school's name is

HYP: He started shooting from the schoolyard said
REF: and started shooting from outside of the school

HYP: On Saturday morning, a doctor and another hospital employee at
REF: On Saturday morning, a nurse and another hospital employee at

HYP: were shot dead by a gunman.
REF: were shot and killed by a gunman.

HYP: News reports said the suspect was angry after
REF: News reports said the suspect was angry after

HYP: is not the father.
REF: he was not the father of the baby.

HYP: his girlfriend in the head and vowed to kill
REF: hit his girlfriend in the head, and vowed to kill

HYP: was detained by police.
REF: before detaining him.

HYP: to a nearby hospital.
REF: of the hospital.

HYP: socialising and working with machine.
REF: sociable and easy to work with.

HYP: One count of terror caused death,
REF: one count of terrorism causing death,

HYP: Ether was 15 at the time of the shooting.
REF: Ethan was 15 at the time of the shooting.

HYP: aged between 14 and 18.
REF: and their ages were between 14 and 17.

HYP: is the largest school shooting in the state's history.
REF: the biggest school shooting in state history.

HYP: before the shooting.
REF: before the shooting happened.

HYP: On the day of the shooting last year,
REF: On the day of the shooting last year,

HYP: Prior to the incident, the school was called
REF: before the shooting happened, the school called for

HYP: was heard him due to concerns of
REF: the parents to come because of concerns over

HYP: The game will be held on Friday at the Houston Monthly Park.
REF: Game 1 is scheduled for Friday at Houston's Minute Maid Field.

HYP: to the Sen. Bernard.
REF: and lost to the Atlanta Braves.

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: Stephen Powell and Paul, were the most distant times to
REF: Neptune and Pluto are two of the farthest planets

HYP: is what our human eye is seeing".
REF: which is what our human eyes can see.

HYP: The U.B.O. telescope uses infrared light technology,
REF: The Webb telescope uses infrared light technology,

HYP: that can photograph unseen light.
REF: which captures "invisible" light.

HYP: the Department of Justice the FBI can continue
REF: the Department of Justice/FBI can continue

HYP: that I as a president can declassify government records
REF: he could, as the president, declassify government documents

HYP: giving up or if you are the brain to the brain.
REF: by simply declaring it or even by thinking about it.

HYP: the murder of George Floyd.
REF: the murder of George Floyd,

HYP: He was sentenced to three years in prison on state charges
REF: was sentenced to three years in prison on a state charge

HYP: Police in Colleen, North Carolina said
REF: Police in Columbia, South Carolina said

HYP: Her school was outside the hall.
REF: Her cleaning cart was outside the restroom.

HYP: or video.
REF: or alcohol.

HYP: call to ban an arsenal rifles and
REF: to call for a ban on assault weapons and

HYP: established a safety shield and established a red flag.
REF: enact safe storage laws and "red flag" laws.

HYP: for just a few minutes.
REF: a matter of minutes?"

HYP: Biden said the Uvalde Elementary School the victims' bodies were
REF: Biden said the Uvalde elementary school victims' bodies

HYP: killed near San Antonio on Thursday night.
REF: who shot and killed him near San Antonio on Thursday night.

HYP: Thursday evening found near San and
REF: on Thursday evening it was spotted near San Antonio,

HYP: Lopez is now can't harm anyone.
REF: that Lopez now cannot harm anyone else.

HYP: Ukrainian President Zelenskyy said Russian forces are controlling
REF: Ukrainian President Zelenskyy said Russian forces now occupy

HYP: The gunman's name is Johnathan LeeWhitch and
REF: The gunman's name was Johnathan Lee Whitlatch.

HYP: it wasn't brought to the scene.
REF: but he didn't bring it to the scene of the shooting.

HYP: This case is that a person is facing
REF: So this is a case where we have a person who was facing

HYP: It is Friday, January 20.
REF: It is Friday, January 20.

HYP: Another person said,
REF: Another person said,

HYP: The three families were charged with murder and
REF: The three family members were charged with murder and

HYP: It is not known who did it.
REF: they don't know who did it.

HYP: The Supreme Court vowed to investigate
REF: the Supreme Court vowed to investigate and

HYP: may to distribute the documents
REF: who may have disclosed the document or

HYP: On Friday night, the Senate's Hanford Jackson
REF: On Wednesday night at the Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson

HYP: A video shows Hunter walking up in a red fire
REF: A video shows Holder walking and holding a red fire extinguisher

HYP: he walked into a jelly tunnel and at least four flight attendants
REF: She then walks into a jetway and at least four flight attendants

HYP: went into.
REF: chase after her.

HYP: One flight attendants had breathing
REF: Three flight attendants were treated for

HYP: dystrophies and doctors.
REF: respiratory discomfort.

HYP: were arrested and stood under officers.
REF: she resisted arrest by spitting and kicking at officers.

HYP: Google Apex is the latest tech companies to
REF: Google / Alphabet is now the latest big tech company to

HYP: The boy's family said they're heartfelt to the teacher
REF: The boy's family said their heart goes out to the teacher

HYP: Police officers have snatched several bags
REF: Police had already confiscated several weapons.

HYP: ordered to remove metal plates
REF: and asked that the metal detectors be taken away

HYP: Trump said he knows that people don't want to hurt.
REF: because he knew the people weren't there to hurt him.

HYP: pushed a wheelbarrow and then strangled to an other officer.
REF: and tried to grab the steering wheel and lunged at an agent.

HYP: Hutchinson testified that when they stormed into the Capitol,
REF: Hutchinson testified that when rioters stormed the Capitol,

HYP: met with Trump and Meadows said
REF: a meeting with Trump, but Meadows said

HYP: Trump's affiliates intimidated
REF: Trump allies have been intimidating

HYP: Two died.
REF: but two of them died.

HYP: Authorities said the victims seemed to be suffering from
REF: Authorities said the victims appeared to be suffering from

HYP: moving over the air.
REF: with passengers walking on the top of the other side.

HYP: The dump truck was driving on a land road at the intersection
REF: The dump truck was on a gravel road at an intersection

HYP: in the past few days.
REF: in the past few days.

HYP: a similar case of a rural trade.
REF: a similar rural intersection.

HYP: About 23 million California survivors will receive
REF: About 23 million California residents will get

HYP: Maxwell also was fined a $750,000 which is the most.
REF: Maxwell was also fined $750,000, the maximum amount.

HYP: The judge in the case while sentencing today said
REF: The judge in the case, at the sentencing, said

HYP: Fischerot become a member of NATO.
REF: and Finland joining NATO,

HYP: today is the NATO summit in Moscow.
REF: during the NATO summit in Madrid.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: Scientists estimate that
REF: Scientists estimated that

HYP: the University of Hong Kong studied 49 studies
REF: the University of Hong Kong analyzed 489 studies to come

HYP: NASA were most in the tropical and northern regions,
REF: Ants are most abundant in tropical and subtropical regions

HYP: that was the day of his birth.
REF: which was his birthday.

HYP: criticizing the Biden administration's
REF: a way of criticizing the Biden administration's

HYP: to get evidence that Trump had officially declassified
REF: wanted to get evidence that Trump declassified

HYP: classified documents were seized before he went to
REF: various top-secret records before he brought them

HYP: The special master told Trump's team that
REF: The special master told the Trump team that

HYP: because the documents had markings that
REF: Many of the documents had markings such as

HYP: the Iranian religious laws.
REF: Iran's religious laws.

HYP: among protesters, killing at least five people.
REF: some protesters, killing at least five people.

HYP: Over 250 people were arrested for protesting.
REF: Over 250 people were arrested for protesting.

HYP: systematically persecuting women and
REF: its systemic persecution of women and

HYP: 478 people with a plot to extort $250 million
REF: 47 people with orchestrating a fraud that stole $240 million

HYP: The case is in Minnesota.
REF: The case is in Minnesota.

HYP: The DOJ said that fake labels for
REF: The DOJ said there were fake receipts for

HYP: One of the accusers claimed that
REF: One of those accused made a claim that

HYP: a nonprofit grant, which is the
REF: a nonprofit group who was entrusted by

HYP: one of the leaders performing.
REF: one of the leaders of the fraud.

HYP: real estate, cars, luxury vehicles, firearms,
REF: real estate, cars, luxury goods, guns,

HYP: cryptocurrency.
REF: and cryptocurrency.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: that he made false claims against Depp or Heard's
REF: and created false statements about Depp when she wrote

HYP: The Deps were married in 2015 and in 2018.
REF: Depp and Heard were married in 2015 and divorced in 2017.

HYP: The jury said Heard is responsible to pay
REF: The jury said Heard is liable for

HYP: The trial lasted six weeks
REF: The trial lasted six weeks and

HYP: Palmer said the woman was walking on a pathway near
REF: The park said the woman was walking on a boardwalk near

HYP: On Tuesday in Los Angeles, Florida,
REF: On Tuesday in Largo, Florida,

HYP: but it is a matter for people who dive in the lake for
REF: It is common for people to dive in a lake to search for

HYP: of money to sell.
REF: to make money by selling them.

HYP: there have been no fatal alligator attacks since 2019.
REF: there have been no fatal alligator attack since 2019.

HYP: a pile of ancient artifacts that had been recently found
REF: a trove of ancient artifacts that were recently retrieved

HYP: a new building to be excavated near the Gazza.
REF: that is under construction near the Giza Pyramids.

HYP: The Biden administration announced it would
REF: The Biden administration announced it would send

HYP: The hoverboard is called HIMART,
REF: The rocket system is called HIMARS for short and

HYP: to provide Ukrainian troops to specific targets to
REF: it will provide Ukrainian troops with greater precision to

HYP: such as Jovian helicopters, helicopters, and missiles.
REF: such as Javelin missiles, helicopters, and ammunition.

HYP: the children, personal as well as careers,
REF: about the children and who they were before creating caskets

HYP: He was 10 .
REF: both 10 years old.

HYP: two drugs dogs attacked an amazon employee
REF: a pair of dogs attacked and killed an Amazon employee

HYP: to deliver bags of girls.
REF: who was trying to deliver a package.

HYP: Police said the victim's bodies had wounds that correspond to
REF: Police said the victim's body had wounds consistent with

HYP: the dog's hounds and they saw two dogs.
REF: canine bites and that they saw two dogs,

HYP: People who lived at home were out of town
REF: The residents of the home were out of town at

HYP: Many of them were police officers and firefighters.
REF: many of these people were police officers and firefighters.

HYP: The Supreme Court said New York state's top health official's
REF: The court found that NYC's top health official acted in

HYP: Over 80,000 people at voting locations.
REF: over 80,000 people voted in polling locations.

HYP: More than 660,000 people have voted in Georgia.
REF: Over 660,000 have already voted in Georgia.

HYP: his Republican challenger Herschel Walker and
REF: and his Republican challenger Herschel Walker,

HYP: In Nevada, between incumbent Democrat Catherine Cortez Masto
REF: in Nevada between incumbent Democrat Catherine Cortez Masto

HYP: Amatiina's family said that he was killed.
REF: Amini's family said she was beaten by police.

HYP: Russia's military said they have practiced
REF: Russia's military said they have conducted

HYP: "Russia is trying to build a dirty bomb".
REF: accused Russia of secretly building dirty bombs.

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: The move now to East Coast.
REF: The storm is now moving to the East Coast.

HYP: on Tuesday.
REF: on Tuesday.

HYP: Errie DeGron show from 2014 to 2022 and
REF: the Ellen DeGeneres Show from 2014 to 2022 and

HYP: Stephen was runner up on the TV competition show on
REF: Stephen was the runner-up on the TV reality competition show,

HYP: this year as a trial.
REF: in 2022 as a judge.

HYP: President Biden signed a tribute to the Act
REF: President Biden signed the Respect for Marriage Act

HYP: became law in yesterday at the White House ceremony.
REF: into law at a White House ceremony.

HYP: I will provide some history.
REF: Here is some history.

HYP: DROM (DMO), which is married between
REF: Act (DOMA), which said marriage was between

HYP: That means gay couples can't pay weddings together
REF: That meant gay married couples couldn't file taxes together

HYP: other state laws.
REF: in a legal state.

HYP: In 2015, the Supreme Court said some of Dernan
REF: In 2013, the Supreme Court said parts of the DOMA

HYP: between married people of different races.
REF: banning marriages between people of different races.

HYP: previous Supreme Court rulings relating to same-sex
REF: previous Supreme Court decisions related to same-sex

HYP: interracial marriage may be.
REF: and interracial marriages.

HYP: act to bill to fund federal investigation of
REF: to move fast to craft a bill to guarantee federal recognition

HYP: regardless of state schools should.
REF: regardless of which state the marriage was performed.

HYP: Arteries, the largest artery in his chest was
REF: It is when the aorta, the largest artery in your body,

HYP: that was a "flight escape" to escape.
REF: saying he was too much of a flight risk.

HYP: expects to get a $109K-tax form from IRS.
REF: expecting to receive a 1099-K tax form from the IRS.

HYP: usually by small business owners.
REF: They are usually small business owners.

HYP: for those who made $600 more in fees.
REF: to those who made $600 or more in payments.

HYP: if they have business or employee or sell items
REF: but if you had a business or a side gig or sold items,

HYP: Axios said there is now anxiety from both inner-
REF: Axios said there are concerns from both within the IRS

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: was considered the greatest football player ever,
REF: many as the greatest soccer player ever,

HYP: in his course.
REF: most of his professional career.

HYP: The main cause of many complications is complicated
REF: A major cause of the cancellations is complications

HYP: Over one million patients were affected by the cancellations.
REF: Over 1 million passengers were affected by the cancellations.

HYP: outdoors, and three because emergency nurses did not delay.
REF: while being outdoors, three died from an EMS delay,

HYP: Three died from a heart attack
REF: and three died from heart attacks

HYP: shoveling to carry out snow buns.
REF: while shoveling or blowing snow.

HYP: what they know.
REF: everything they know.

HYP: The Ukrainian Defense Ministry said they had hopes to
REF: Ukraine's Defense Ministry said "They dream that

HYP: people were celebrating a new year in dark cold,
REF: Ukrainians will celebrate the New Year in darkness and cold.

HYP: the most right-wing and strong religious Israeli government
REF: that is the "most right-wing and religious government Israel has

HYP: the Tennessee State Capitol in Nashville.
REF: the Tennessee State Capitol in Nashville.

HYP: What are they?
REF: What did they do?

HYP: the Royal House, and that removed over
REF: the General Assembly" and that it strips more than

HYP: raise to support in future special elections,
REF: begun fundraising to support them in special elections and

HYP: The two did not stay could hold off the second time
REF: that they can't be expelled a second time for

HYP: The wife's owner fired a gun on him.
REF: His wife then emerged from the doorway and opened fire.

HYP: but her husband was declared dead.
REF: The husband was pronounced dead at the scene.

HYP: His name was Robert Daun (56).
REF: His name was Robert Dotson and he was 52.

HYP: In Oklahoma, Florida, three teens were shot and killed
REF: In Ocala, Florida, three teenagers were shot

HYP: The two are 18-year-old boys.
REF: one was a 17-year-old boy.

HYP: a truck moped of the car that was sunk into
REF: in the trunk of a car that was partially submerged

HYP: The four were in the car dumped water before Monday.
REF: that all six were in the car that was later found submerged.

HYP: his car stolen a gun.
REF: through car burglaries.

HYP: Sheriff billy woods said the murders were caused by
REF: Sheriff Billy Woods said the killings were due

HYP: He said when he started his Supreme Court tenure,
REF: He said early in his tenure at the Supreme Court,

HYP: Ukrainian President Zelenskyy visited Poland with
REF: Ukrainian President Zelenskyy visited Poland to meet

HYP: Ukraina promised to send more troops to Ukraine.
REF: Duda vowed to send more fighter jets to Ukraine.

HYP: Both talked about the Ukraine and gave
REF: They both discussed the war in Ukraine and both issued

HYP: to Ukraine.
REF: in Ukraine.

HYP: Texas emergency authorities are delivering water,
REF: Texas emergency authorities are delivering bottled water.

HYP: his life-style lasts about 40 years.
REF: and it has a lifespan of about 40 years.

HYP: that was released in 1971.
REF: The pipe was installed in the 1970's.

HYP: Two police officers who were shot and killed in
REF: Two police officers were shot and killed in

HYP: Jeffrey Hodgson has achieved the EIGH level,
REF: Jennfier Hudson achieved "EGOT status,"

HYP: the Best Creative Group, as a producer of
REF: in the best musical category as one of the producers of

HYP: An analyst with Axios said this is an emergency move
REF: An analyst with Axios said this is an emergency move

HYP: which means credit payouts to
REF: such as credit cards,

HYP: Hill valley, willip, myrtle, and valand.
REF: Shell USA, Phillips 66, Marathon, and Valero.

HYP: costs on American families.
REF: being passed directly onto American families."

HYP: Here some important hearings.
REF: Here are some highlights.

HYP: an advancing democratic Amy Villy,
REF: had a progressive Democrat named Amy Vilela,

HYP: This is important because Wil is only one of
REF: which is notable because Rice was one of the only

HYP: Michaelks were scheduled to fly to Rwanda
REF: with migrants set to take off to Rwanda.

HYP: The UK government said they are disappointed
REF: The UK government said they are disappointed,

HYP: but they want to move forward with the program.
REF: and wants to eventually move forward with the project.

HYP: "Her mother is wise, chagrined, hungry,
REF: Mom was brilliant, charming, passionate

HYP: he was consulting on events at the Capitol
REF: as a part of his review of the events at the Capitol

HYP: The Jan 6. Committee said
REF: The Jan 6. Committee said

HYP: country to provide abortion in an emergency medical situation.
REF: nationwide to provide abortions in medical emergencies.

HYP: The Biden administration said,
REF: The Biden Administration said

HYP: There is still a very heavy demand for monthly accommodation and
REF: There is heavy demand for rental apartments and

HYP: the coronavirus pandemic.
REF: during the pandemic are returning.

HYP: tens of thousands of hospitalisations and
REF: and tens and tens of thousands of hospitalizations

HYP: thousands of deaths today.
REF: and thousands of deaths.

HYP: the coronavirus is still going.
REF: from the coronavirus.

HYP: we can maintain COVID-19 level by continuing vaccination
REF: but we can keep virus levels low by continuing to vaccinate

HYP: who have been infected with Covid-19 and
REF: have been infected with the coronavirus and

HYP: a diagnosis of previous infection.
REF: signs of previous infections.

HYP: attacks on Russia for gas.
REF: a day to Russia for gas.

HYP: Officials in Southern California announced a water shorta
REF: Officials in Southern California declared a water shortage

HYP: of Los Angeles, Venezuela and San Bernardino to
REF: in parts of Los Angeles, Ventura and San Bernardino counties

HYP: But there is still drought going on across most western states.
REF: There is an ongoing drought across most western U.S. states.

HYP: just three months in New Zealand state history
REF: the driest three months in recorded state history

HYP: an emergency.
REF: So it's an emergency.

HYP: Barr was arrested in 2019 and Russian authorities was charged with
REF: Reed was arrested in 2019 and accused by Russian authorities

HYP: A group of residents in Levon County, Texas
REF: A group of residents in Llano County, Texas

HYP: officials oppose ideas in the book.
REF: due to the officials disagreeing with the ideas within them.

HYP: review children's books as they were a conservative
REF: review children's books after orders from

HYP: taxpayers.
REF: and taxpayers."

HYP: The American Library Association said in 2021 that
REF: The American Library Association found that 2021 was

HYP: in the country.
REF: across the U.S.

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: central Texas, caused serious damages many.
REF: in central Texas, causing major damage in many parts.

HYP: A tornado hit Jacky County, western of Dallas,
REF: A tornado struck Jack County, which is west of Dallas,

HYP: Ukrainian anti-aircraft missiles,
REF: hypersonic missiles against Ukraine.

HYP: being against pressure.
REF: against the wall.

HYP: He survived through several of his Nazi prisons in Germany
REF: who survived several Nazi concentration camps in Germany

HYP: Russia guarantees Ukraine's protection.
REF: and guarantees on Ukraine's security.

HYP: Alexie Nadley, a popular Russian political leader,
REF: Alexei Navalny, a popular Russian political leader

HYP: was sentenced to nine years in a maximum security prison
REF: was sentenced to nine years in a maximum security prison on

HYP: A plane of Chinese Eastern Airlines that had 132 people on it
REF: The China Eastern Airlines plane was carrying 132 people

HYP: First responders are still trying to find the black box
REF: First responders are trying to locate the plane's black box

HYP: In the past few days,
REF: In the past several days,

HYP: Ukrainian forces were pushing convoy and
REF: there were fierce counterattacks from Ukrainian troops

HYP: war crime again, what happened in the Bahamas.
REF: a war criminal again, pointing to what happened in Bucha.

HYP: Police say they believe that more than one shooter
REF: Police said they believe there was more than one shooter

HYP: DENRY MARION, was charged with assault and illegal firearms
REF: Dandre Martin and charged him with assault and illegal firearm

HYP: Russian wealthy and reduce their assets
REF: Russian oligarchs and seize their assets as

HYP: because one of the Democratic senators was delayed the plane.
REF: because one of the Democratic senators had a delayed flight.

HYP: Democrats and the other Democratic committee said
REF: Republicans with all of the Democrats in

HYP: the Republican committee said
REF: all of the Republicans in the committee signaling

HYP: The senators's papers to prove that
REF: When the senator who is late arrives,

HYP: Jackson's nomination will still move to
REF: Jackson's nomination will still advance to

HYP: it will likely be seen Jones votes to support to
REF: so it is very likely we'll see Jackson confirmed to

HYP: Musk bought the kit in mid-March,
REF: Musk bought the stake in the middle of March

HYP: from 96 to 70 did not get a top medal
REF: 2006 and now but never medaled again -

HYP: starting on Thursday.
REF: starting Thursday.

HYP: LGBTQ identity culture, history and
REF: LGBTQ identity, history, and culture -

HYP: close LGBTQI students. "
REF: as well as LGBTQ students themselves.

HYP: know if you are love and own it.
REF: - to know that you are loved and accepted just as you are."

HYP: go to the House for elections.
REF: to go to the House for votes,

HYP: She said that Rodgen kissed him on the back, said "to
REF: She said Rogers poked on her back to demand she get on

HYP: A man named Nikoy who had recruited birds
REF: A man named Tili, who is experienced in catching birds

HYP: It took several hours and several alligators failed
REF: It took three weeks and several failed attempts

HYP: A friend and dragged the alligator on to the grass and
REF: He and his friends pulled the animal on dry land

HYP: Jane Kinzerigan for playing a role in
REF: and Adam Kinzinger over their roles on

HYP: Rock said in a statement that Cheney Davids
REF: The RNC said in their resolution that Cheney and Kinzinger

HYP: Ronsey also said that 6 Jan. rioters "moved
REF: The RNC also said the January 6. rioters were

HYP: Washington and former Vice President Mike Pence
REF: and the RNC and former Vice President Mike Pence

HYP: Senate McConnell.
REF: and Sen. McConnell.

HYP: Check out our other videos.
REF: Check out our other videos.

HYP: a hotel room in Florida while she was on a walk tour.
REF: a hotel room in Florida while he was on a stand-up comedy tour.

HYP: who were involved in the murder of Ahmaud Arbery was sentenced
REF: who were involved in the murder of Ahmaud Arbery were sentenced

HYP: to life in prison.
REF: to life in prison.

HYP: the Supreme Court.
REF: to the Supreme Court.

HYP: The second big news story in February,
REF: The second big news story in February is

HYP: civilian deaths and forced millions of Ukrainians
REF: thousands of civilian deaths and forced millions of Ukrainians

HYP: In April, a federal judge overturned the federal mask mandate
REF: In April, a federal judge struck down the federal mask mandate

HYP: said that the U.S. finally went out the most severe part of
REF: said the U.S. was finally out of the most serious part

HYP: the pandemic.
REF: of the pandemic.

HYP: In May, 10 Black people were killed in a mass shooting at
REF: In May, 10 Black people were killed in a mass shooting at

HYP: Uvalde, Texas was killed by a 18-year-old gunman.
REF: Uvalde, Texas were killed by an 18-year-old gunman.

HYP: died after being arrested for violating Iran's mandate
REF: who died after she was arrested for violating Iran's mandatory

HYP: the hay law face.
REF: hijab law.

HYP: In October, the NASA James Webb Telescope released
REF: In October, NASA's James Webb Space Telescope released

HYP: an odd image of the "Pillars of Creation",
REF: a stunning image of "The Pillars of Creation,"

HYP: ended up buying Twitter for $44 billion.
REF: completed his $44 billion acquisition of Twitter.

HYP: In November, during midterm elections,
REF: In November during the midterm elections,

HYP: states while Republicans took control of the House.
REF: key states while Republicans took back control of the House.

HYP: it's to be in 2022 in the window.
REF: That's 2022 in a nutshell.

HYP: See you next year and stay with the light.
REF: See you next year and stay with the light.

HYP: Today the court of the U.S. basketball star
REF: Today the trial of U.S. basketball star

HYP: The U.S. government because he feels doubtful
REF: the U.S. government because she doubts

HYP: the administration have successfully done removed.
REF: and have successfully eradicated them.

HYP: Authorities did not mention the girl
REF: Authorities did not reveal the girl’s age,

HYP: underwent an operation.
REF: and underwent surgery.

HYP: and avoiding areas like sandals
REF: avoid areas such as sandbars

HYP: At least 20 people were killed in Ukraine,
REF: At least 20 people were killed in Odesa, Ukraine

HYP: At least one child was one of the victims.
REF: At least one child was among the victims.

HYP: the female accuser, Carley Bryans.
REF: the female accuser, Carolyn Bryant.

HYP: but the finding if finds any new evidence or new information
REF: combined with any new evidence or information,

HYP: Texas migrants in truck wrecked
REF: The death toll in the Texas migrant truck smuggling incident

HYP: in the U.S.
REF: in the U.S.

HYP: The passed two U.S. Customs
REF: The truck passed two U.S. Customs

HYP: border security force agents passed by never noticed
REF: and Border Protection cameras without any detection

HYP: going back into the U.S.
REF: to be moved further into the U.S.

HYP: because the court is ready to overturn roe v. Wade and
REF: seems set to overturn Roe v. Wade and

HYP: The Ohio Senate race between Warn and Ryan will be
REF: The Ohio Senate race between Vance and Ryan will be

HYP: going through to move in that direction that services are
REF: affected when they were steered away from services that

HYP: recovered to be used to Nest's business costs.
REF: and into TurboTax's commercial products.

HYP: Customers receiving credit are expected to get about $30 check
REF: Customers who were deceived are expected to receive about $30

HYP: is at 2.1% today.
REF: by a half-percentage point today.

HYP: ABC News explained that FBER is fighting against
REF: ABC News explained that the Fed is fighting against

HYP: had a cage near the park shooting cops.
REF: the coyote in a nearby park and shot at it,

HYP: he escaped into a forested area.
REF: causing it to flee into a wooded area.

HYP: It is not known if the incident was and is currently being sought.
REF: It is not known if the coyote was hit and there is a search.

HYP: ABC News said a few days ago in Southern California,
REF: ABC News said a few days ago, in Southern California,

HYP: a coyote attacked a 6-year-old girl.
REF: a coyote attacked a 2-year-old girl.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: USA Today reported that Fiero went to Club QC,
REF: USA Today explained that Fierro was at Club Q,

HYP: went with her daughter Katie and her son's and others
REF: with her daughter Kasey and her boyfriend and others

HYP: an armoured vest shot at him.
REF: his armor wear and pulled him down.

HYP: to release.
REF: released him.

HYP: Tragically Fifer says the gunman killed his daughter
REF: Sadly, Fierro said the shooter killed his daughter

HYP: His friend, his boyfriend, Raymond Raven (22).
REF: Kasey's boyfriend, Raymond Greene Vance (22).

HYP: was beaten.
REF: he sustained from the beat-down.

HYP: CBS explained that Alrick was arrested in 2021
REF: CNN explained that Aldrich was arrested in 2021

HYP: However, charged with the revocation of the obituary
REF: But his charges were dropped, his records sealed,

HYP: He was released to a hospital after he received treatment
REF: was released from a hospital after receiving treatment for

HYP: that the building would have rolled into a hole.
REF: it seems as if a building will fall into the hole.

HYP: a fine of $5 million.
REF: the road and which may cost about $5 million.

HYP: and shouted to kill a savage.
REF: Others shouted "sacrifice!"

HYP: It is not where it was and it is not known what kind of training is.
REF: where she is from, or what kind of discipline she received.

HYP: The Daily Moth Mouse will be off this week and Wednesday
REF: The Daily Moth will be taking the rest of the week off

HYP: Roger later plunged into the water.
REF: The drone eventually crashed into the water.

HYP: The U.S. Military General Milley said
REF: U.S. Army General Milley said

HYP: A video circulating on Twitter shows that a college student at a bar
REF: A video on Twitter shows a college student at a bar

HYP: The user who posted the video said that the wheelchair was carried
REF: The person who posted the video said the wheelchair was left at

HYP: the truck because the person using the wheelchair could others
REF: the top of the stairs because the wheelchair user had to be

HYP: pushed him down a hill to a washbasin.
REF: carried down the stairs to use the restroom.

HYP: He is the temporary manager of the Philadelphia Flowers.
REF: is the interim general manager of the Philadelphia Flyers.

HYP: this action was in conflict with his family's values.
REF: that it runs counter to their family's values.

HYP: The university suspended the case and two other people
REF: The university suspended Carson and two other people

HYP: the machine with her back to put it in the wheelchair.
REF: who were with Carson when he pushed the wheelchair.

HYP: carnivals that ancient mice were used to walk communally.
REF: and causeways that the Maya used to travel on foot.

HYP: in a nightclub when pulled a gun on him.
REF: himself at a nightclub holding a gun.

HYP: After Coole's investigation found that
REF: The NBA did an investigation and found that

HYP: in this case, but he would return next week.
REF: since the incident, but he will be eligible to return next week.

HYP: Madon apologized and went to a counseling center.
REF: Morant has apologized and gone to a counseling facility.

HYP: foreign supporters to share their jet fighters.
REF: Western supporters to share fighter jets

HYP: hair nurses and men.
REF: by South Korea and the U.S.

HYP: CBS News said students were historically all women
REF: CBS News said students at the historically all-women

HYP: allow transgender men and non-gendered candidates to apply
REF: allowing transgender men and nonbinary applicants to apply

HYP: donated $10 million to an institutional foundation.
REF: making a $10 million donation to the Make-A-Wish foundation.

HYP: made success in his 43 years of history.
REF: Make-A-Wish in its 43 years of history.

HYP: who was suffering with serious illness wanting to see many.
REF: children who have critical illnesses.

HYP: witnesses did perjury - lying under oath.
REF: more witnesses committed perjury - which is lying under oath.

HYP: for suspected liars under testimony.
REF: against those suspected of lying under oath.

HYP: It is not known which other nominations for
REF: It is not known what other recommendations for

HYP: any criminal charges because it was completely
REF: criminal charges they made because the complete

HYP: the State National Guard Helicopter crashed on an airway
REF: the Tennessee National Guard crashed onto an Alabama highway

HYP: About 41,000 people.
REF: 41,000 people.

HYP: were damaged.
REF: under rubble.

HYP: the complexes, living as what life knows already.
REF: regions who said life as they knew it is over.

HYP: appropriate management of emergency finance.
REF: appropriately handle emergency funding.

HYP: Zohar was the legal owner of the gun.
REF: Zhao had legal ownership of a gun.

HYP: mummification during the New Year's Eve Festival.
REF: in Monterey Park during Lunar New Year celebrations.

HYP: stronger gun laws, federal weapons,
REF: for stronger gun laws, such as a federal assault weapons ban

HYP: increase the minimum milk purchase of
REF: and an increase of the minimum age of purchase for

HYP: classified records were found in
REF: classified document markings were found in

HYP: to Pence's personal home.
REF: transported to (Pence)'s personal home."

HYP: This happened near Wilmington, Delaware.
REF: This happened near Wichita, Kansas.

HYP: pulled it.
REF: on the rifle.

HYP: The shooter was in the car seat,
REF: There was a person in the driver's seat

HYP: It is not known who the owners of the dogs were.
REF: It is not known which person owned the dog.

HYP: Axios said the arrests were after allegations that
REF: Axios said the ousters follow allegations that

HYP: that there is no one above the law.
REF: ensure that no persons were above the law."

HYP: broke the japanese record for women's record with
REF: She broke a tie for the women's record with

HYP: Shariff is 27 years old and will likely be competing
REF: Shiffrin is 27 years old and is likely to continue to race

HYP: with 11 nominations.
REF: which received 11 nominations.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: It is Thursday, January 19.
REF: It is Thursday, January 19.

HYP: Grinor alleged that intentionally and violation of law on
REF: Gwin allegedly intentionally and unlawfully sprayed water on

HYP: on February 22.
REF: on January 9, 2022.

HYP: A news video showed Griner being held in
REF: A news video shows that Gwin was placed in

HYP: the same place that the woman was.
REF: the same location where the woman was hosed.

HYP: support from a city department.
REF: receiving assistance from a city department.

HYP: Last week Austin police released a video that shows
REF: Earlier this week, Auburn police released a video that showed

HYP: They found the suspect's car at his home and
REF: and were able to find the suspect's vehicle and home

HYP: second degree and is being held with bail of
REF: the second degree and is now behind bars with bail set

HYP: of $500,000.
REF: at $500,000.

HYP: and his companions were eating while wearing waistlets.
REF: which has its baristas serve drinks while wearing bikinis.

HYP: Actor Alec Baldwin will be charged with
REF: Actor Alec Baldwin will be charged with

HYP: he called an archer.
REF: who was the armorer.

HYP: is responsible for handling guns and
REF: She was responsible for organizing the guns and

HYP: The U.S. Treasury Department announced today that
REF: The Treasury Department announced today that

HYP: for Iron Bonds.
REF: on government bonds.

HYP: The debt ceiling is the maximum amount of
REF: The debt ceiling is the maximum amount that

HYP: have already approved it.
REF: that Congress has already approved.

HYP: it is likely there will be a fight between Democrats
REF: There is likely going to be a fight between Democrats

HYP: Some Republicans say they don't want to raise
REF: Some Republicans say they don't want to increase

HYP: to do at all.
REF: the debt limit at all.

HYP: so there is no deal.
REF: if there is no deal in place.

HYP: Secretary of the Treasury James Yellen warned that
REF: Treasury Secretary Jane Yellen warned that

HYP: This is a great follow up to several in Congress.
REF: So this is a big topic to follow in the weeks ahead in Congress.

HYP: hurricane deaths and the Covid-19 pandemic.
REF: the Whakaari volcano disaster, and the Covid-19 pandemic.

HYP: Ukrainian President Zelensky tweeted a video that shows
REF: Ukrainian President Zelensky tweeted a video that shows

HYP: a maternity hospital in Mariupol was hit by a Russian bomb.
REF: a maternity hospital in Mariupol hit by a Russian strike.

HYP: stop the murders.
REF: Stop the killings!

HYP: with the replacement of a new life that have caused deaths.
REF: Instead of new lives - deaths.

HYP: air fleets, but the U.S. and other NATO allies
REF: a no-fly zone, but the U.S. and other NATO allies have

HYP: war if they have to shoot down other Russian jets
REF: into the conflict if they end up shooting down a Russian jet

HYP: But Western countries are providing Ukraine with
REF: However, Western nations have provided Ukraine with

HYP: to Romania.
REF: and then will go to Romania.

HYP: There were some criticism of the Biden administration for
REF: There is some criticism towards the Biden administration for

HYP: The ship also provides $17 billion to stop
REF: The budget also provides $16 billion to stop

HYP: David Bannon, who is the first person to get
REF: David Bennett, who was the first person to receive

HYP: a transplant surgery from pigs genetically modified
REF: a heart transplant from a genetically edited pig in

HYP: Before the surgery,
REF: Prior to the surgery,

HYP: that they have valuable information that can maintain medical process
REF: and they have valuable data to make medical advances in

HYP: The students will have to pay at least six hours of benefits
REF: Students will have to enroll in a minimum of six credit hours

HYP: the autumn.
REF: this fall.

HYP: President Biden signed an executive order on
REF: President Biden signed an executive order on

HYP: cryptocurrency cryptocurrency today.
REF: cryptocurrency today.

HYP: is degenerated U.S. dollars.
REF: of developing a digital U.S. dollar.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: about how many fake-bot accounts
REF: over the amount of fake, “bot” accounts it had.

HYP: and Dun would not allow Musk to walk away,
REF: they would not allow Musk to walk away and

HYP: CNBC reported that Twitter's stock value
REF: CNBC explained that Twitter shares have

HYP: and swimming in the bay.
REF: and swimming in its pool.

HYP: The Prime Minister, another person
REF: The prime minister, a different person,

HYP: there are millions of people battling
REF: leaving millions struggling to

HYP: squeezed out and killed people in body casks.
REF: from the rubble and carrying away the dead in body bags.

HYP: on hills in eastern Ukraine.
REF: various cities in the east of the country

HYP: and her mother's name is Mae.
REF: Her mother’s name was Marie.

HYP: Police said Ms. McHale admitted
REF: Police said Michele admitted

HYP: to hide his death.
REF: the purpose of concealing her death.

HYP: Investigators said the mother Mary
REF: Investigators said the mother, Marie,

HYP: About 1,000 people were to be rescued.
REF: About 1,000 people were rescued.

HYP: on the zone today with some areas returning electricity.
REF: but as of today, some areas had electricity back on.

HYP: Today England has good rest to Queen Elizabeth II
REF: Today Britain said goodbye to Queen Elizabeth II

HYP: went about 22 miles away.
REF: on a route of about 22 miles.

HYP: the queen's caravan was going into the church
REF: The Queen's coffin was carried into a chapel

HYP: The burial service ended after
REF: Towards the end of the service,

HYP: was symbolic separated and hair from women.
REF: which symbolized the separation of the crown from the woman.

HYP: There would be another private funeral with
REF: There will be a private service tonight with

HYP: passed away her husband Prince Philip.
REF: her late husband, Prince Philip.

HYP: that he will make a decision on next year.
REF: would make a judgment on what to do next year.

HYP: not make a final decision.
REF: but it's not a firm decision.

HYP: in the American history.
REF: in our country's history.

HYP: Sherrie Pappi, who admitted she faked her own kidnapping in California
REF: Sherri Papini, who admitted she faked her own kidnapping

HYP: paid over $300,000 in damages.
REF: She will also have to pay over $300,000 in restitution.

HYP: from the police station.
REF: from her home.

HYP: In the case said,
REF: The judge in the case said

HYP: The Las Vegas SCCs won their first WNBA championship by defeating
REF: The Las Vegas Aces won their first WNBA championship by

HYP: as a one-year coach.
REF: It is her first year as a coach.

HYP: Merrick was a navy veteran who worked for over 10 years in
REF: Frerichs is a Navy veteran who worked for over 10 years in

HYP: have had successful negotiations with the Taliban.
REF: to have successful negotiations with the Taliban.

HYP: Florida Governor Ron DeSantis announced that
REF: Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis announced that

HYP: murder by vote.
REF: or murder from voting.

HYP: in process of getting their voting rights restored
REF: any kind of process to get their voting rights restored and

HYP: The New York Times said the admiration to
REF: The New York Times said the "adulation" Price received

HYP: it's hard to know what really happened.
REF: but it is difficult to know what is really going on.

HYP: Turkish President Erdogan said he would discuss
REF: Turkish President Erdogan said he would hold talks with

HYP: both Russian and Russian leaders and
REF: both Russian and Ukrainian leaders and

HYP: the International Nuclear Energy Agency visited the pond
REF: the International Atomic Energy Agency to visit the power plant

HYP: power outage that affected victims.
REF: which energized the area, striking the victims.

HYP: and medical treatment.
REF: get medical attention.

HYP: Apple did not describe how it found this security.
REF: Apple did not reveal how they discovered this security flaw.

HYP: information that I will be out of schedule,
REF: I will be out of the studio next week

HYP: It is Monday, June 13.
REF: It is Monday, June 13.

HYP: I'm back in the studio.
REF: I am back in the studio.

HYP: The U.S. government said Friday that prices of goods and
REF: The U.S. government reported on Friday that prices for goods

HYP: the increase in gas fuel that has significantly affected
REF: The sharp rise of the cost of gasoline is a major reason

HYP: U.S. equity and cryptocurrency dropped in June.
REF: U.S. stocks and cryptocurrency have plunged in June.

HYP: which causes facial weakness and freezing.
REF: which causes facial weakness or paralysis.

HYP: when he received bird flu.
REF: who've had chickenpox.

HYP: The suspect, Joe Leonie Espovil (23), is
REF: The suspect, Joe Louis Esquivel (23),

HYP: Dapeff escaped his car,
REF: Esquivel then fled the scene in his car.

HYP: and shot at the officers and returned fire.
REF: but he opened fire on the officers, who returned fire.

HYP: Epley was injured and arrested.
REF: Esquivel was injured and was arrested.

HYP: Pictures show all the men are dressed
REF: Images show that all of the men were dressed

HYP: similar to blue nymph, white throat, and a baggy sweatshirt.
REF: in identical navy blue t-shirts, white masks, and khaki pants.

HYP: dust fumes and documents to show plans.
REF: a smoke grenade, and paperwork that showed an operations plan.

HYP: including a white supremacist rally in
REF: involved in the white supremacist rally in

HYP: in Hartford Valley in 2018.
REF: Charlottesville, Virginia in 2017.

HYP: Axios said the enhanced policy note requires
REF: Axios said the enhanced background check would require

HYP: people under 21 must have to go through investigation time
REF: those under 21 to "undergo an investigative period to

HYP: The committee showed videos of former attorney general
REF: The committee showed videos of former attorney general

HYP: was changed her.
REF: were rigged.

HYP: The Jan. 6 committee will have two more hearings
REF: The Jan 6. Committee plans to hold two more hearings

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: an hour and 14 minutes, by a group of police officers
REF: An hour and 14 minutes passed before a group of officers

HYP: kill the gunman.
REF: killed the gunman.

HYP: are free he can change his mind
REF: he... is free to change his mind,

HYP: who lost the election and had a meeting in
REF: Trump lost the election, there was a meeting in

HYP: The 6th tried to get Trump to take violent action
REF: The second group tried to get Trump to take extreme action

HYP: Two people in a bar were shot dead by a gunman.
REF: two people at a bar were shot and killed by two gunmen.

HYP: Last month in a separate incident in Africa,
REF: Last month, in a separate incident in South Africa,

HYP: but the investigation as to how the deaths are still underway.
REF: but the investigation into the deaths is ongoing.

HYP: On Saturday night in Galesville, Tennessee,
REF: On Tuesday night in Gatlinburg, Tennessee,

HYP: severe heavy rains that caused flash floods that affected
REF: heavy thunderstorms triggered flash flooding that impacted

HYP: pushed into trees in woods and to rains.
REF: that were pushed into the woods by rushing water.

HYP: medication.
REF: the need for a prescription.

HYP: had an interview with Dr. F. Miones about Saram last month.
REF: I did an interview with Dr. IV Mirus about Narcan last month.

HYP: was hit on Saturday afternoon
REF: was stabbed on Saturday afternoon

HYP: His name is Philip Tharn.
REF: His name is Phillip Todd.

HYP: for his brain skull fracture.
REF: He also had a skull fracture.

HYP: His name is GYZNA TAL.
REF: named Glynn Neal.

HYP: that there is no evidence of a mark of
REF: They said there is currently zero evidence of a tank breach

HYP: information that there are risks of AI to infuse humans
REF: misinformation, on the risk of AI replacing humans

HYP: ban the LGBTQ+ issues from teaching
REF: that bans LGBTQ topics from being taught or

HYP: the murder took place on Tuesday shortly
REF: The murder happened on Saturday just after

HYP: Police showed a video from previous home that showed
REF: Police showed a video from a neighbor's home

HYP: N.J. started today selling recreational marijuana
REF: New Jersey began selling recreational marijuana today

HYP: country and there is a picture now spilling the Queen on
REF: A photo was released today of the Queen enjoying

HYP: a sweatshirt red with two horns.
REF: the outdoors with two ponies,

HYP: This year is Elizabeth's 70th year as queen.
REF: This year is Elizabeth's 70th year as Queen.

HYP: In the U.K., Prime Minister Liz Truss announced
REF: In the U.K., Prime Minister Liz Truss announced that

HYP: He became prime minister only 75 days ago.
REF: She became the prime minister only 45 days ago and

HYP: Over the last two weeks there was much criticism on
REF: She went through heavy criticism the past two weeks over

HYP: support to Ukraine and said he would continue to work
REF: in supporting Ukraine and said he would continue to work in

HYP: A Walmart client in North Michigan was arrested
REF: A Walmart customer in northern Michigan was arrested

HYP: not responding.
REF: in previous instances.

HYP: Seenydi was arrested at his home on September 29
REF: TeddyJo was arrested at her home on September 29

HYP: applauding.
REF: The audience laughed and clapped.

HYP: who refused to comply with Trump's demanded
REF: Pence refused to oblige to Trump's demands

HYP: killed her daughter in 2002.
REF: murdering her baby daughter in 2002.

HYP: put a baby cellphone, alec threw to a toddler to
REF: The baby started crying and Cole went to the crib and

HYP: parted of his heart.
REF: tore a part of her heart.

HYP: but the courts rejected it.
REF: but multiple courts denied that request.

HYP: Scientists used DNA finds from fossils using maps
REF: Scientists used DNA extracted from fossils to map out

HYP: in Portugal.
REF: the coast of Portugal.

HYP: The sailor said the fish weighs 6,500 pounds,
REF: Scientists now say the fish, weighing 6,050 pounds,

HYP: The fish used a crane cable on
REF: The fish was weighed by a crane scale attached

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: Gas prices have continued to rise.
REF: Gas prices have continued to spike.

HYP: has reached 25 weeks compared to a week ago.
REF: That number is up 25 cents in just one week.

HYP: high a lot and I remember that gasoline has ended
REF: so high and I was reminded that gas was very cheap

HYP: Analysts said it is because of an over quantity of oil
REF: Analysts at that time said there was an oversupply of oil.

HYP: The first Russian invasion of Ukraine has affected
REF: First, the Russian invasion of Ukraine had effects on

HYP: which means our demand for gasoline is high,
REF: This means our demand for gasoline is high.

HYP: He said it takes time to produce cellulose production.
REF: and that it takes time to scale up oil production.

HYP: raising oil price growth that remains stable
REF: raise the price of oil and keep production levels the same

HYP: so it is safety that gas prices will be high and
REF: It's safe to say that gas prices will stay high and

HYP: On Monday, New York Governor Kathy Hochul signed
REF: On Monday, New York Gov. Kathy Hochul signed

HYP: an 18-year-old man who used an AR-15-style rifle
REF: an 18-year-old used a AR-15 style semi-automatic rifle

HYP: The Uvalde elementary school shooter was also 18 years old.
REF: The Uvalde elementary school shooter was also 18.

HYP: He called on the Senate committee to do everything to stop
REF: He called on the panel to do something to

HYP: for the domestic terrorism of origin.
REF: the domestic terrorism that inspires."

HYP: Two teachers also died.
REF: Two teachers were also killed.

HYP: He was in a room 111 one of the connected with
REF: He was in Room 111, one of the adjoining rooms

HYP: was hitting his right arm and collapsed to his neck.
REF: that he couldn't feel his arm and fell to the floor

HYP: 11 of his alumni students died.
REF: 11 of Reyes' students died.

HYP: Officials say they're under control.
REF: Officials said it is now contained.

HYP: water water.
REF: allow water to pass through.

HYP: Tuesday, Corsicana will play against Adamsons,
REF: On Tuesday Croatia will play against Argentina and

HYP: and his player contender lionel missis,
REF: their star player Lionel Messi.

HYP: Morocco is the first African and Arab country to
REF: against Morocco, the first African and Arab nation to

HYP: Both games are at 2 p.m. time.
REF: Both games are at 2 pm ET.

HYP: A news report,Grianna Wohl, unexpectedly died on
REF: news, Grant Wahl, suddenly and unexpectedly passed away on

HYP: The U.S. Waters Games, officials of park said
REF: the U.S. vs Wales game by Qatari officials unless

HYP: Kohl also wrote articles that criticized
REF: Wahl also published articles that were critical of

HYP: a part of constructive stadiums.
REF: who were a part of the stadium-building process.

HYP: dead, a cinematographer photographer
REF: the World Cup has died - a Qatari photojournalist named

HYP: The report said her death was quickly.
REF: A report said he "died suddenly."

HYP: have access to review all the documents.
REF: full access to review all the documents.

HYP: Cannon rejected Trump's request after
REF: Cannon's dismissal of Trump's request came after

HYP: to potential criminal activity both of Mar-a-Lago and
REF: possible criminal activity in both the Mar-a-Lago and

HYP: First responders pulled the kid out and
REF: They were pulled out by first responders and

HYP: Officials in England issued a warning for adults
REF: Authorities in England issued a warning for adults and

HYP: the third death was killed by a construction crane.
REF: The execution was carried out using a construction crane.

HYP: Iranian officials said the man, Majiroz Rahamadov, has
REF: Iranian authorities said the man, Majidreza Rahnavard,

HYP: stabbed and killed two people of
REF: stabbed and killed two members of

HYP: an Iranian militant group.
REF: an Iranian paramilitary force.

HYP: sentenced to death for actions related to protests
REF: been sentenced to death for actions related to the protests

HYP: He fired peeled him, and called people for
REF: that Musk fired and insulted by saying

HYP: Twitter said that soul density of faeces &
REF: He tweeted, "My pronouns are Prosecute/Fauci" in

HYP: saving people.
REF: by saving lives.

HYP: The U.S. Merchant is offering up to $10,000 for
REF: U.S. Marshals are now offering up to $10,000 for

HYP: The US authorities warned that the two may have had a gun
REF: and has warned that the pair may be armed

HYP: Greene recently testified in court to respond
REF: Greene recently provided testimony in a court to answer

HYP: but evidence does not show that
REF: but that the evidence does not show that

HYP: the chief will disagree with the judge's.
REF: the official would overrule the judge's recommendation.

HYP: The Austin City Council voted on Thursday to establish
REF: The Austin City Council voted on Thursday to start

HYP: There are at least 27 other cities in the country
REF: there are at least 28 other cities in the nation

HYP: The painter of the man who received
REF: The surgeon of a man who received

HYP: The time the man died,
REF: At the time of the man's death,

HYP: said her health declined in the course of several days.
REF: only saying his health worsened over several days.

HYP: from a pig genetically modified,
REF: which came from a genetically modified pig,

HYP: The contractor said they hope to be rich from the to
REF: The surgeon said he hopes to learn from this to

HYP: it was not a blast or an explosion but it was a tragic event.
REF: it was not a bomb or an attack, but an unfortunate accident.

HYP: in celebration in 2005 and which was famous
REF: renovated in 2005 and attracted celebrities

HYP: That's all the top stories for this week.
REF: That is all the top stories for this week.

HYP: pass near Earth today.
REF: pass very close to Earth tonight,

HYP: but it wasn't impacted.
REF: but it won't make an impact.

HYP: The boat's name is 2326.
REF: The asteroid's name is 2023 BU.

HYP: Scientists said it would be one of the most intense collisions,
REF: Scientists said this will be one of the closest approaches ever

HYP: but if it hits the Earth, it will likely become a fireball will
REF: and that if it did impact Earth, it would turn into a fireball

HYP: charged with second-degree murder for his role in
REF: charged with second-degree murder for their roles in

HYP: During the driveway and officers were chasing Nichols
REF: during that traffic stop and that officers chased Nichols

HYP: with a state and local investigation
REF: This is in addition to state and local investigations over

HYP: Facebook's mother company Meta announced
REF: Facebook and Instagram's parent company Meta announced

HYP: An attorney representing the teacher who was shot by
REF: An attorney who represents the teacher who was shot by

HYP: obstinately bypassing not call the police or
REF: paralyzed by apathy and did not call police or

HYP: were usually either parents to go to
REF: and usually had either his mother or father

HYP: from the incident but will reopen next week.
REF: since the shooting but will reopen next week.

HYP: small chunks of alcohol in the fire.
REF: small bottles of alcohol that Fireball makes.

HYP: one of the bins had an actual firecloth cinnamon
REF: One type of bottle contains the actual Fireball Cinnamon Whisky

HYP: the second can be seen in stores and petrol stations
REF: The latter bottle can be seen in stores or gas stations

HYP: the cancer.
REF: but it's only a malt drink.

HYP: The Israeli military said their special forces entered the camp
REF: The Israeli military said its special forces entered the camp

HYP: by sticking inside of truck delivery trucks
REF: undetected by hiding inside a dairy products delivery truck

HYP: he stepped out and fired a gun with one of those who died,
REF: There was a gunfight and one of those killed was

HYP: There are concerns that
REF: There are concerns that there will be

HYP: fired rocket missiles towards the restaurant.
REF: retaliatory rocket attacks fired toward Israel.

HYP: It is March 14.
REF: It is March 14.

HYP: Police said they analyzed videos to figure out
REF: Law enforcement said they analyzed videos to figure out

HYP: met the Prime Minister, Australia and the U.K.
REF: with the prime ministers of Australia and U.K.

HYP: under water for longer than other types.
REF: stay underwater for longer than other submarines.

HYP: only is a machine by nuclear power.
REF: just that they are nuclear-powered.

HYP: the paths of wrong and dangerous.
REF: down a path of error and danger.

HYP: On Sunday, the NFL Swingers player Schieffler won the
REF: On Sunday, PGA star Scottie Scheffler won

HYP: Her 98-year-old mother, Mayy, is viral
REF: His 88-year-old grandmother, Mary, is going viral

HYP: Jackr said he was impressed by the mother,
REF: Scheffler said he is impressed by Mary,

HYP: The majority of money is lost "business operational coupon"
REF: The most money lost is due to "business email compromise

HYP: In a Manpaths recreation center.
REF: because he is at an inpatient rehabilitation facility.

HYP: CBS News said the cyclones hit Africa for
REF: CBS News said the cyclone struck the African continent for

HYP: On Monday night, there was a mass shooting at
REF: On Monday night there was a mass shooting at

HYP: killed the student.
REF: killing two students.

HYP: and killed a third grade student.
REF: killing the third student.

HYP: The students aren't served,
REF: he is neither a student nor a staffer.

HYP: other earlier shots and he might have wanted to go to
REF: other shootings and that he may have wanted to go to

HYP: the family has released his name.
REF: the request of their family's wishes.

HYP: Five of the injured students are still in hospital in
REF: Five of the injured students are still in a hospital

HYP: A doctor in the Capitol Hospital said four students would need to
REF: Doctors at a hospital in Lansing said four of them required

HYP: surgery during the operation last night.
REF: surgery when they arrived last night.

HYP: The university's president said classes will be canceled for
REF: MSU's president said classes will be canceled for

HYP: in the week.
REF: the rest of the week.

HYP: and he is usually isolated in his room.
REF: and would stay isolated in his room often.

HYP: The father said he doesn't know what happened
REF: His father said he doesn't know what happened to

HYP: would have exploded.
REF: avoid a potential explosion.

HYP: two hyenas or marsupials died.
REF: her five hens and a rooster died suddenly.

HYP: Another said he's been grieving without pain and
REF: Another person said they are having a persistent cough

HYP: An analyst told ABC News that a major concern is
REF: An expert told NBC News that a major concern is

HYP: The people are concerned about the water channel under
REF: Other concerns are the impact on the water table

HYP: 460 new airports, which is a record in
REF: 470 new aircraft, which is a record in

HYP: an airport business.
REF: the aviation industry.

HYP: to raise the economy.
REF: a fast-growing economy.

HYP: the year before.
REF: with a year earlier.

HYP: painful 2022 rocket, but is still unfold
REF: a painful 2022 peak but it is still "uncomfortably rapid"

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: Two of the victims were aged between 66 and 64.
REF: The other four victims were between the ages of 40 and 64.

HYP: The gunman is a 25-year-old bank employee
REF: The gunman was a 25-year-old bank employee

HYP: Police said he bought his AR-15-type rifle last week.
REF: Police said he purchased his AR-15-style rifle last week.

HYP: The mayor of Louisville said there will be a tribute to
REF: Louisville's mayor said there would be a vigil on

HYP: immigration refund after he and two other representatives who led
REF: Republican majority after he and two other representatives led

HYP: Peter told the audience that it was "a re-entry with
REF: Jones told the crowd that this is a "rebirth" with

HYP: specifications on Ukraine's military levels,
REF: Others had statistics about Ukrainian troop levels

HYP: suckling pigs from 1967 to 2020 and
REF: He worked as a cartoonist from 1942 to 2020 and

HYP: leaders of both the Senate and the House
REF: who are the leaders of both parties from the Senate and

HYP: The officer said he could not show the documents because
REF: The DOJ said the documents couldn't be turned over

HYP: a matter concerning dealing with classified documents,
REF: Biden on their handling of classified documents.

HYP: a 20 paper was taken from Biden's former
REF: There were about 20 documents that were recovered from

HYP: U.K. Queen Elizabeth II has passed away today.
REF: U.K. Queen Elizabeth II passed away today at

HYP: Prince Harry promptly went to her.
REF: and Prince Harry rushed to be with her.

HYP: The Buckingham Park in London,
REF: There were crowds outside of Buckingham Palace in London

HYP: The police say the gunman, is DeJunon Dale 19 and
REF: Police said the gunman is 19-year-old Dejuan Kelly and

HYP: Officials said people had to be hidden and
REF: Officials told people to shelter in place,

HYP: This is the second big news story from
REF: It is the second major news incident to come out

HYP: the 150 million in this week that the first was
REF: of Memphis in a week, with the first being

HYP: and stabbing in Sunday with 11 people killed.
REF: the stabbing spree on Sunday in which 11 people were killed.

HYP: Officers ordered the car chased after
REF: Police spotted the vehicle and gave chase,

HYP: It is not known what happened.
REF: It is not known what happened,

HYP: a source told CBS News that Myles was injured himself.
REF: but a source told CTV News that Myles wounded himself.

HYP: James Smith Crane, and then kicking.
REF: the James Smith Cree Nation from knife wounds.

HYP: not even the whole of the Masks.
REF: or if it was all Myles.

HYP: Many are grieving many deaths.
REF: but are in deep mourning over the deaths.

HYP: Firefighters were struggling with a strange situation
REF: The firefighters face poor conditions

HYP: in northern California.
REF: Northern California.

HYP: U.S. Secretary of State Blinken was
REF: U.S. Secretary of State Blinken made

HYP: the countries that are threatening a Russia war.
REF: European countries who are threatened by Russia's war.

HYP: in the ballast.
REF: on the battlefield.

HYP: This afternoon, residents were told they could return home.
REF: As of this afternoon, residents were told they can return home.

HYP: are in contact with the Russian government
REF: and that they are in touch with the Russian government

HYP: was beaten to death at a cafe by a man who was angry
REF: stabbed to death at a Starbucks by a man who was allegedly angry

HYP: Charleston was with her daughter out on the internet.
REF: Schmidt was with his daughter outside of the Starbucks

HYP: Charleston's family said people shouldn't share video
REF: Schmidt's family said people shouldn't share the video

HYP: His name is IurophtoShimGale.
REF: His name is Inderdeep Singh Gosal.

HYP: Dallas police said they are investigating and
REF: Vancouver police said they are investigating and said

HYP: the board to oversee a special district in Florida
REF: that is supposed to oversee a special district in Florida

HYP: was messed up that the former board has
REF: they were surprised to find out that the former board did

HYP: which is not say "gay law"
REF: known as the "Don't Say Gay" law,

HYP: Disney's power over future construction
REF: that give them control over future construction

HYP: basic infrastructure of.
REF: basic infrastructure.

HYP: it is possible that two other Russian ships were destroyed.
REF: It is possible that two other Russian ships were damaged.

HYP: Russian war efforts in any way.
REF: supporting Russia' war effort in any way.

HYP: the eastern border.
REF: their eastern flank.

HYP: but America is trying to find ways to make the process faster.
REF: but the U.S. is working on ways to make the process faster.

HYP: The U.S. is already behind ten thousand
REF: The U.S. already has a backlog of tens of thousands

HYP: Afghan refugees who escaped from the Taliban takeover.
REF: of Afghan refugees fleeing the Taliban takeover,

HYP: although the U.S. already owns 80,000 Afghans.
REF: even after already accepting 80,000 Afghan refugees.

HYP: a prominent protesters wearing horns with hoods
REF: who is one of the most prominent rioters because of his headdress

HYP: He is currently serving in prison terms
REF: He is currently serving a prison term of

HYP: protests saying that it seems to be physically going on the street.
REF: after the riot, as appearing physically okay on January 6.

HYP: The Chief U.S. Capitol Police said
REF: The chief of the U.S. Capitol Police said

HYP: laws with the protesters or if they would not be alive.
REF: for hours with rioters, he would still be alive.

HYP: that Reem made it wrong.
REF: that Fox News made a mistake.

HYP: the Taliban's versions that it helps provide Americans
REF: Carlson's footage and said it provided Americans

HYP: go through.
REF: with transparency.

HYP: legal recreational marijuana.
REF: that legalize recreational marijuana.

HYP: NPR reported that five women who were ordered to make an abortion
REF: NPR reported that "five women who were denied abortions

HYP: mental health problems.
REF: with behavioral health disabilities.

HYP: with the.
REF: about the crash.

HYP: in wood during snowfall that struck into his car trapped.
REF: Forest in snowy conditions and his vehicle became stuck.

HYP: a friend got a and called an emergency help.
REF: his friend was able to request emergency help.

HYP: to the country.
REF: defend the country.

HYP: millions of dollars worth of weapons and military equipment.
REF: millions of dollars worth of weapons and military equipment.

HYP: foreign military units, largely because
REF: foreign military conflicts largely because of

HYP: in the U.S.
REF: in the U.S.

HYP: Many Russian citizens have protested against
REF: Many Russian nationals have protested against

HYP: U.S. intelligence said the Belarusian president Lvezhana
REF: U.S. intelligence said the Belarusian president Lukashenko

HYP: bombings in Kiev.
REF: there were still explosions in Kyiv and Kharkiv.

HYP: A news report said Ukrainians people ran away from world and return to
REF: Some news reports said Ukrainians aboard have come back

HYP: There was a previous news report that 13 Ukrainian soldiers defended
REF: There was a story that 13 Ukrainian soldiers defending

HYP: refused to leave.
REF: instead of surrendering.

HYP: all international football games under
REF: all international soccer matches that are sanctioned by

HYP: FIFA, or Russia, banned Russian football.
REF: FIFA and UEFA.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: He said that Wallace stepped on the ground and
REF: It was at that moment that Will Smith walked onstage and

HYP: of violence".
REF: resorting to physical violence.

HYP: The person who went to bed,
REF: and that the person who was slapped

HYP: did not file a police response.
REF: declined to file a police report.

HYP: think to turn Ukraine into a neutral state.
REF: he is considering making Ukraine a neutral country,

HYP: A federal judge said former President Donald Trump and
REF: A federal judge said former President Donald Trump and

HYP: it fabricates LGBTQ issues and people bad people.
REF: frames LGBTQ topics and people as bad.

HYP: In today's Mercedville County, Pennsylvania,
REF: Today in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania,

HYP: forested area safe.
REF: into the woods to find safety.

HYP: save drivers trapped in cars.
REF: free drivers from their vehicles.

HYP: Thank you Callie Frye for the top stories headlines
REF: Thank you to Callie Frye for covering Top Stories

HYP: note the eyes how to improve it to be
REF: and said they have learned how to improve the rocket

HYP: Tornado struck the city of Cape Cod on Wednesday night.
REF: after a tornado hit the city of Cole on Wednesday night.

HYP: News images show a huge tornado and caused serious damage
REF: News images showed a large tornado and extensive damage

HYP: in Oklahoma on Wednesday night.
REF: in the state of Oklahoma on Wednesday night.

HYP: in crowd panicked people.
REF: people panicked and ran.

HYP: last week he went in a wrong house to find
REF: last week when he went to a wrong house to pick up

HYP: the sister, appeared in court to plead not guilty to
REF: his siblings appeared in court and pleaded not guilty

HYP: who Tay is Black.
REF: Yarl is Black.

HYP: Prosecutor said there was a significant aspect of
REF: A prosecutor said there was a "racial component"

HYP: CEO of MicePillow Mike Lindell was ordered to pay $5 million
REF: MyPillow CEO Mike Lindell was ordered to pay $5 million to

HYP: voting machine fraud in the 2020 election.
REF: voting machine fraud in the 2020 election.

HYP: in several states.
REF: in several states.

HYP: $5 million to anyone who can prove
REF: and offered $5 million to anyone who could prove that

HYP: of millions of dollars.
REF: the $5 million prize.

HYP: by Dominion Voting Systems.
REF: from Dominion Voting Systems.

HYP: Zeindel said he believes Lindell would not have pay after
REF: Zeidman said Lindell may not have any money after

HYP: President Joe Biden's son, was unfairly
REF: President Joe Biden's son, is being mishandled and

HYP: The lawyer wrote a letter to Congress members that
REF: The attorney wrote a letter to members of Congress and said

HYP: The investigation Heard has been since 2019,
REF: The investigation has been going on since 2018 and

HYP: Republicans believed that Herder's job
REF: Republicans have raised suspicions about Hunter's work

HYP: killed a top ISIS leader in an area of northwest Syria.
REF: killed a top ISIS leader in a raid in northwestern Syria.

HYP: Which 13 people died including 46 children.
REF: A total of 13 people died, including four to six children.

HYP: The news dropping the number caused Facebook and its CEO
REF: The news caused Facebook and its parent company, Meta,

HYP: at Ottawa, the capital city of Canada.
REF: in Ottawa, the capital city of Canada.

HYP: said that police can't solve the crime
REF: police may not be able to solve the crisis,

HYP: which may be considering military forces.
REF: saying they are considering asking the military to come in.

HYP: That is still a very high number
REF: That’s still a high number,

HYP: with those fully vaccinated.
REF: as those who are fully vaccinated.

HYP: a truck tore off a truck inside of over 100 monkeys
REF: a pick-up truck hauling a trailer with 100 macaques

HYP: received antibody vaccination, antibody medicine,
REF: She received the rabies vaccine, antiviral medication,

HYP: checking for disease by monkeys,
REF: to check for monkey-related diseases.

HYP: The crash was three monkeys evacuated
REF: Three monkeys escaped from the crash site,

HYP: but did not explain why.
REF: but did not explain why.

HYP: at least 30 days.
REF: for at least 31 days.

HYP: Delta North Airlines the plane was delivered the monkeys,
REF: Kenya Airways was the airline that transported the monkeys.

HYP: There is now a new controversy
REF: There is now a new controversy

HYP: It is Tuesday, November 1.
REF: It is Tuesday, November 1.

HYP: They disappeared on February 15, 2017.
REF: They disappeared on February 13, 2017,

HYP: a old railway bridge.
REF: the old railroad bridge.

HYP: It is the first time the police has named the suspect.
REF: It is the first time that police named a suspect in all this time

HYP: He was a employee at a CBC, a licensed medical assistant.
REF: He worked at a CVS store as a licensed pharmacy tech.

HYP: went to the specific store to print photos of Lily's
REF: when she went to that particular CVS to print pictures of Libby

HYP: to Ukraine.
REF: vice presidents.

HYP: Security guards did not see who shot and when the police arrived,
REF: but did not see the shooter and when they arrived at the scene,

HYP: Stewart's real name is Keithhiam K.Ball.
REF: Takeoff's real name is Kirshnik Khari Ball.

HYP: Many on social media mourned his death
REF: Many people on social media mourned the death and

HYP: Reuters said it would not initiate a strike
REF: Reuters explained that a strike won't happen immediately

HYP: born to the actress Jillian Rogers.
REF: for the birth of actress Julia Roberts.

HYP: The Washington Post confirmed it is the truth.
REF: The Washington Post confirmed that it is true.

HYP: The glacier is called Inworld.
REF: in Seoul called Itaewon.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: The prince said he expects to make donation to Grief's gallery.
REF: The prince is expected to make a donation to Giuffre's charity.

HYP: had talks with the Eastern European
REF: wants to see dialogue with the West about

HYP: The shooting occurred on October 21 and it could have been a
REF: The shooting happened on October 21 and it is possible

HYP: It is Tuesday, March 15.
REF: It is Tuesday, March 15.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: He was 55..
REF: He was 55 years old.

HYP: bush continued to be bombed.
REF: because Kyiv is under constant bomb attacks.

HYP: Belvedere will have a meeting next week with NATO leaders.
REF: Belgium next week for a summit with other NATO leaders.

HYP: Ukrainian president will give an address to
REF: The Ukrainian president will give an address before

HYP: On Monday, a journalist for the Russian CHRK DZOL said
REF: On Monday, a broadcaster for Russia's Channel One news was

HYP: harassed an employee to her trolley with a sticker
REF: interrupted by an employee who entered the studio with a poster

HYP: said "you lie to me".
REF: They are lying to you here."

HYP: the suspect yesterday and arrested
REF: of the suspect yesterday and he was arrested

HYP: The suspect, Steven Aurelio, was arrested and charged
REF: The suspect, Tammel Esco, was arrested and charged

HYP: four Asian New Yorkers have been killed in since November.
REF: Four Asian New Yorkers were killed in attacks since November

HYP: The razor is typically detected in trees.
REF: Their webs are usually found in trees.

HYP: in several other states.
REF: sighted in several neighboring states.

HYP: The White House said it also wants Congress to pressure
REF: The White House said it also wants Congress to pressure

HYP: a symbol of governmental status to send them to Mogadishu or
REF: as role models in politics invite him to orgies or

HYP: can't make this as a member of Congress.
REF: he can't make statements like that as a member of Congress.

HYP: a successful attempt to take over Kiev.
REF: doing in trying to take Kyiv.

HYP: Kiev is still being shelled by Russian forces.
REF: Kyiv is still being shelled by Russian forces.

HYP: Canada and Mexico.
REF: Canada and Mexico.

HYP: NASA said that the world expanding,
REF: NASA explained that as the universe expands,

HYP: The telescope can detect stars by
REF: The telescope is able to detect the star thanks to

HYP: which means morning fireworks in old Britain.
REF: which means "morning star" in Old English.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: On Monday, law enforcement tracked
REF: On Monday, law enforcement tracked

HYP: when the vehicle crashed.
REF: that ended with the car crashing and flipping.

HYP: shot him in the head.
REF: she shot herself in the head and he didn't do it.

HYP: The couple were not married at the time,
REF: The couple were not married at the time of the jail escape

HYP: he will allow Donald Trump to return on Twitter
REF: he would allow Donald Trump back on Twitter

HYP: price artwork already sold and most expensive to make
REF: 20th Century art ever sold" and the highest ever paid for

HYP: AAA said the national average cost of
REF: The AAA said the national average price

HYP: Some states have already passed over $6 a gallon.
REF: Some states are seeing over $6 a gallon.

HYP: over the weekend in a similar-like protests
REF: Over the weekend there were similar protests

HYP: and McDonald's believes this is a kind of protection.
REF: if the Marshal determines such protection is necessary."

HYP: Last night during the Jan. 6 House committee at
REF: During the Jan 6. Committee hearing last night,

HYP: Trump watched the attack being viewed on television TV.
REF: Trump was watching the attack unfold on television.

HYP: The Jan 6. House committee said
REF: The Jan 6. House Committee said

HYP: The hearing last night showed that Vice President Mike Pence
REF: The hearing last night also showed that members of

HYP: a man approached who tried to stab him with
REF: when a man walked up to him and tried to stab him

HYP: both nfl and nfl ball,
REF: playing in both the NFL and the MLB,

HYP: while allowed to visit her friend's farm.
REF: on his way to visit a friend's ranch.

HYP: In Israel, a man was killed in a strange accident
REF: In Israel, a man was killed in a freak incident at

HYP: a swimming pony and the hole of the soil dislocated sprouted
REF: a swimming pool when a sinkhole opened underneath it,

HYP: Witnesses saw that the water level of the pond rapidly
REF: Witnesses said the pool's water level suddenly started receding

HYP: in vulture.
REF: and that there was a vortex.

HYP: The sinkhole is over 4 feet deep and
REF: The sinkhole was over 40 feet deep.

HYP: first rescue team for over three hours and found.
REF: It took rescue teams over four hours to pull out his body.

HYP: started seeing speculations last month.
REF: after experiencing symptoms a month ago.

HYP: but it should be a "wake-up call" to
REF: but this should serve as a wake-up call to

HYP: this type of live vaccine is not available in
REF: These types of "live vaccines" are not available in

HYP: annual infections cause thousands of cases of paralysis,
REF: with annual outbreaks causing thousands of cases of paralysis.

HYP: George Floyd murder, was sentenced to two and a half years
REF: George Floyd's murder, was sentenced to 2 1/2 years

HYP: CBS News explained that
REF: CBS News explained that

HYP: is currently serving a sentence of about 22 years.
REF: is currently serving a prison sentence of about 22 years.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: Axios reported that President Biden will ask
REF: Axios reported that President Biden "will call on

HYP: Congress to suspend the federal gas tax for
REF: Congress to suspend the federal gas tax for

HYP: require oil and gas companies to increase production,
REF: and demand that oil and gas companies boost production

HYP: 18 taxes per gallon of gasoline and
REF: an 18 cent tax per gallon of gasoline and

HYP: On Tuesday in Dallas,
REF: On Tuesday in Dallas,

HYP: Putin union representatives said the problem is plane flight exhaustion
REF: The pilots' union said pilot fatigue rates have reached

HYP: at an all-time high and have experienced a slow process
REF: an all-time high and that there's been little progress

HYP: during the summer season.
REF: the summer getaway season.

HYP: the front shell of it, was damaged severely.
REF: its front nose had severe damage.

HYP: allowing taxpayer payments to
REF: to allow taxpayer dollars -

HYP: moving to tax money,
REF: government funds that come from taxes -

HYP: state of Maine, but appealed the Supreme Court's
REF: in favor of the state of Maine, but the Supreme Court's

HYP: served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives who was just
REF: for a seat in the New Mexico House of Representatives was

HYP: accused of paying four men to shoot at
REF: arrested and accused of paying four men to shoot at

HYP: the home of opposition Democratic governors in Albuquerque.
REF: the homes of rival Democratic politicians in Albuquerque.

HYP: his gun wasn't gunned.
REF: but his handgun malfunctioned.

HYP: Republicans said they remember that Pence appeared
REF: The Democratic politicians said they recall that Peña showed up

HYP: documents to prove election fraud.
REF: with documents that he believed showed election fraud.

HYP: Police said they received several calls over the weekend that said a woman
REF: Police said they did get calls over the weekend about a woman

HYP: more money to address mental health and for communities
REF: more funding to address mental health and for communities to

HYP: his home in Nevada.
REF: near his home in Nevada.

HYP: was shooting snowflake and
REF: he noticed that it was moving by itself.

HYP: The torso received severe injuries.
REF: His torso had extensive injuries and

HYP: Brittney Griner attended the Glory Parade at Disney on Monday
REF: Brittney Griner attended the MLK Day march in Phoenix on Monday.

HYP: and Yivre Biden.
REF: Viktor Bout.

HYP: A video showed that a man in a pickup truck strikes into
REF: The video shows a male in a pick-up truck grabbing at

HYP: Police said the suspect had had a cherales
REF: Police said the suspect has a "Chevrolet" tattoo on

HYP: to arrest the suspect.
REF: to help catch the man.

HYP: this refund package will not be posted.
REF: The financial terms were not disclosed.

HYP: Hutchins' husband, Matty will be as a producer producer
REF: Hutchins' husband, Matthew, will become an executive producer

HYP: and received a portion of film profits.
REF: and receive a portion of the profits.

HYP: in Iowa City on April 21, 2021,
REF: and killed in Oakland on April 10, 2021.

HYP: that survived.
REF: but survived.

HYP: in September two more shootings
REF: In September, there were two more fatal shootings,

HYP: Police said ballistic tests show that the murders and
REF: Police said ballistics tests showed the killings and

HYP: in a warm coat strap and curl.
REF: a dark-colored coat and winter cap.

HYP: Police said all six victims were shot dead,
REF: Police said all the six victims were fatally shot,

HYP: The murders happened either at night or early morning.
REF: and that the murders happened at night or in the early morning.

HYP: is the clean record record and some have said Bobby Biden's
REF: the idea of a "clean" home run, with people saying Barry Bonds'

HYP: since Musk is due to set up soon to a testimony
REF: Musk was scheduled to face a deposition by

HYP: Musk has previously said he wants to see more
REF: Musk has previously said he wants to see more

HYP: A student at Princeton University in Indiana was killed in
REF: A student at Purdue University in Indianapolis was murdered in

HYP: his roommate who killed the suspect,
REF: His roommate who is the murder suspect is

HYP: in 2014.
REF: in 2014.

HYP: McDonald's is offering an adult happy moon
REF: McDonald's is now offering an "Adult Happy Meal"

HYP: almost a time.
REF: for a limited time.

HYP: inside the gym.
REF: It includes a toy.

HYP: Happy honey.
REF: the Adult Happy Meals.

HYP: Russia said it would end the war by requiring Ukraine to
REF: Russia said it will end the war if Ukraine amends

HYP: An Ukrainian official said they have no agreement,
REF: A Ukrainian official said no agreement was reached,

HYP: the evacuation of civilians.
REF: evacuation of civilians.

HYP: energy prices affect.
REF: energy prices are impacted.

HYP: Europe to boycott buying Russian oil.
REF: Europe to boycott Russian oil.

HYP: that they were attacked on Russian oil.
REF: because they are very dependent on it.

HYP: won two U.S. Olympic gold medal,
REF: and has won two U.S. Olympics gold medals,

HYP: by Daedo.
REF: with the WNBA.

HYP: Griner's wife, Cherelle posted on Instagram that "
REF: Griner's wife, Cherelle, posted on Instagram that she is going

HYP: It is to be a private thing to continue to work
REF: She said she needs privacy as she continues to work on

HYP: The victims were killed from three homes and
REF: The victims came from three different homes.

HYP: The bomb was a suicide bomber
REF: said that the bombing was conducted by a suicide bomber

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: be re-elected to another term.
REF: to be re-elected to another term.

HYP: He won with 62% of the vote.
REF: won with 66% of the vote.

HYP: Harton is a lawyer and served on
REF: Hageman is an attorney and served on

HYP: ran for the governor's office in 2018 and studied.
REF: She ran for Wyoming governor in 2018 and lost.

HYP: the Oval Office again and will focus on the work after
REF: the Oval Office again and will focus on that work after

HYP: This morning Rudy Giuliani appeared at a courthouse in
REF: This morning Rudy Giuliani arrived at a courthouse in

HYP: District Attorney Willis has previously said he is considering calling
REF: DA Willis said in the past that she is considering calling

HYP: drought for 23 years and
REF: has been in a drought for 23 years and

HYP: and the Ukrainian army has not declared responsibility.
REF: but the Ukrainian military has not claimed responsibility.

HYP: CBS News said Russia responded to boosting shelling and
REF: CBS News said Russia responded by increasing shelling and

HYP: Pence also called for stopping criticism to the FBI and
REF: He also called for an end to attacks against the FBI and

HYP: more information about why it is necessary to
REF: release more information on why he thought it was necessary

HYP: On Monday, police in Hillon Island, South Carolina
REF: On Monday, police in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina,

HYP: Police says she was gardening near the park
REF: Police believe that she was gardening near the pond and

HYP: In Allowson, Pennsylvania,
REF: In Allentown, Pennsylvania,

HYP: Officials said 25 children and 8 staff
REF: Officials said there were 25 children and eight staff members

HYP: had a carbon code indicator lit up
REF: their CO monitors went off.

HYP: It is possible that the valve causes problems
REF: It is possible that the leak was caused by problems with

HYP: will I will do it.
REF: All three will be okay.

HYP: a candle weight competition in Northern California.
REF: a pumpkin-weighing contest in Northern California with

HYP: being dragged by a gigantic rock.
REF: while hauling the giant pumpkin.

HYP: He announced he would be leaving the Democratic Party.
REF: announced she is leaving the Democratic Party.

HYP: "full of an exemplary criminal band of warlords"
REF: under the complete control of an elitist cabal of warmongers
0025946-2022.10.11.mp4	6.042	Gabbard did not say which party she wants to be affiliated with.
0025951-2022.10.11.mp4	8.958	Martinez also was heard making fun of Indigenous people
0025954-2022.10.11.mp4	2.5	two other councilmembers,
0025961-2022.10.11.mp4	4.125	Martinez is still on the L.A. City Council,
0025963-2022.10.11.mp4	4.792	She said she would take a leave of absence.
0025964-2022.10.11.mp4	7.958	The labor organization president resigned after the audio leak.
0025968-2022.10.11.mp4	3.667	with chants of Resign now!"

HYP: Axios News said the controversy is focused
REF: Axios news said this scandal casts a spotlight

HYP: Some of the bombs were fired by drones.
REF: Some attacks were conducted by drones carrying bombs.

HYP: for war crimes.
REF: a war crime.

HYP: perform trainingsacross to test and modify
REF: hold exercises next week to test the readiness

HYP: Russian forces since the beginning of the war
REF: by Russian forces since the beginning of the war

HYP: There images on social media,
REF: There are images on social media that show

HYP: the J.O. Service Center in Allandon.
REF: the Joe's Service Center in Altadena.

HYP: Parker because he sold the win ticket.
REF: Powerball for selling the winning ticket.

HYP: Trump issued a statement that he is not happy
REF: Trump said in a statement that he's not happy

HYP: to Trump's potential path to run
REF: Trump's potential path to running for

HYP: in his first gubernatorial run in 2018
REF: his first run for governor in 2018.

HYP: the launching he didn't feel is mixed.
REF: He feels that he's not getting a return on his investment.

HYP: and Scandal.
REF: and secretary of state races.

HYP: taken after the election and said
REF: written after the election losses, said

HYP: products on his show.
REF: and other products on his show.

HYP: which will start in 2024.
REF: This will take effect in 2024.

HYP: Opponents say the FDA has not approved the drug as medicine
REF: Opponents said the FDA has not approved the drug as medicine

HYP: the Bicony.
REF: second to Binance.

HYP: to stop on the run.
REF: put a halt on withdrawals.

HYP: pushing out west from concerns that
REF: rush to make withdrawals out of concerns

HYP: that he has done wrong.
REF: he should have done better.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: is referred to as "scrotish state",
REF: Marijuana is currently a "Schedule 1 substance,"

HYP: a 30-year-old woman named Marina Kigizniti,
REF: 30-year-old Maris DiGiovanni

HYP: Nicole Mace became the first Native American woman in the space and
REF: Nicole Mann became the first Native American woman in space

HYP: the bowling Arabian Natives.
REF: the Round Valley Indian Tribes.

HYP: Man will be in I.S.A. for six months.
REF: Mann will be up in the ISS for six months.

HYP: They hope to inspire the future of
REF: She said she hopes to inspire future generations

HYP: David Depe, got him warning that
REF: David Dorn, received an alert

HYP: his friend had a store was robbed.
REF: that his friend's pawn shop was being robbed.

HYP: both were shot and killed.
REF: but was fatally shot.

HYP: Amber will face a trial of treason in December.
REF: including Tarrio, will face a sedition trial in December.

HYP: nuclear weapon explosions during the war in
REF: nuclear weapons over the course of the war

HYP: encircle lands in the eastern Ukraine that
REF: protect the lands in eastern Ukraine that

HYP: Pelosi ignored a warning from China that
REF: Pelosi is defying a warning from China

HYP: and they may retaliate to
REF: of potential retaliatory measures

HYP: The U.S. signed a law that said
REF: the U.S. signed a law that said

HYP: he is able to recover.
REF: are in "good health."

HYP: U.S. health officials said
REF: U.S. health officials said

HYP: Raffitt carried a gun with him on Capitol grounds,
REF: Reffitt carried a firearm with him on the Capitol grounds

HYP: Iowa to against Idaho's almost complete abortion ban
REF: the state of Idaho over Idaho's near-total abortion ban.

HYP: and three family members of a doctor.
REF: and a family member of the patient.

HYP: He drove Renner on the way to St. Lawrence County,
REF: It departed Reno and was en route to Salt Lake City

HYP: on the thing.
REF: on the ground.

HYP: His role in the film, "Everyone Everywhere All at Once".
REF: for her role in “Everywhere Everything All At Once.”

HYP: Two cyclists, a woman and a man were killed.
REF: Two cyclists, one female and one male, were killed,

HYP: Police said that he was driving the Pepe also tossing
REF: Police said he was driving a pickup truck

HYP: that Adams made "racist remarks".
REF: They said Adams “made racist comments.”

HYP: are expecting that.
REF: He said he expected this.

HYP: he said he would continue to open.
REF: but he would keep an open mind.

HYP: Abby Chrie, was murdered and his body parts found in
REF: Abby Choi was brutally murdered with her body parts found in

HYP: found their scalp in a cooking tank.
REF: that her skull was found in a cooking pot.

HYP: News reports showed images of police holding suspects
REF: News images show police escorting those suspected of

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: in Nashville, Tennessee this morning.
REF: in Nashville, Tennessee this morning

HYP: The suspected shooter is a 28-year-old woman
REF: The suspected shooter, who is a 28-year-old female,

HYP: Police say they are investigating what connection are
REF: Police said they are working to figure out what connection

HYP: Correll, Humphrey, Montgomery, and Conyers.
REF: Carroll, Humphreys, Monroe, and Sharkey counties.

HYP: tornadoes also hit parts of Georgia.
REF: Tornadoes also hit parts of Georgia.

HYP: two tigers at a wildlife sanctuary fled from the camp,
REF: Two tigers at the Wild Animal Safari escaped their enclosure

HYP: At least seven people were killed in the explosion.
REF: At least seven people died in the blast.

HYP: The machine is called UponParl and he worked
REF: The factory's name is R.M. Palmer and

HYP: there is an investigation to determine
REF: There is an investigation to determine

HYP: UPNParol posted a statement on its page that they
REF: RM Palmer posted a statement on its website saying

HYP: are grieved by this tragic incident.
REF: it is "devastated by the tragic events,"

HYP: a ribbed hat and several modules was killed,
REF: in "Creed III" and several Marvel productions,

HYP: was arrested on Saturday in New York and
REF: was arrested on Saturday in New York and

HYP: Matthew's attorney said he's innocent and
REF: Majors' attorney said he is innocent and

HYP: a groove on a runway with a plane
REF: the hang glider on the runway with private jets seen

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: His parents were saying he was only actors.
REF: and that the grieving parents were only actors.

HYP: the families and FBI agents.
REF: the victims' relatives and an FBI agent,

HYP: CBS News reported that five members of a family from Texas were
REF: CBS News reported that five members of a Texas family were

HYP: The family was from Bucher, Texas.
REF: The family is from Borger, Texas.

HYP: In Boyle, Connecticut,
REF: In Bristol, Connecticut,

HYP: The Washington Post reported that
REF: The Washington Post reported that

HYP: tried to kill 10 other babies at a hospital
REF: and attempting to kill 10 other babies at a hospital

HYP: Prosecutors said the hospital employee,
REF: Prosecutors said the hospital where she worked at

HYP: in a baby nematode cattle in 2015 and 2016.
REF: collapses in its neonatal unit during 2015 and 2016."

HYP: On Sunday early morning,
REF: On Sunday early morning,

HYP: in for Walden.
REF: he was from Delaware.

HYP: the FBI search of Donald Trump,
REF: the FBI search of Donald Trump's home,

HYP: to overturn Roe v. Wade
REF: its decision to overturn Roe vs Wade

HYP: a bulletin warning that there is an increase in threats
REF: issued a bulletin that warned of a spike in threats to

HYP: federal law enforcement officers since Scott's home search.
REF: federal law enforcement since the search of Trump's home.

HYP: Over 90,000 Afghans have been evacuated from the U.S.
REF: Over 80,000 Afghans evacuated to the U.S.

HYP: NASA has scheduled an unlaunched rocket to launch
REF: NASA has scheduled an uncrewed launch of

HYP: his a high-ranking government official and
REF: because he is a high-ranking government official and

HYP: more benefit for supporting Donald Trump.
REF: make it more favorable for Donald Trump.

HYP: Rodger is a controversial person because her book
REF: Rushdie is a controversial person because his book,

HYP: In 1989, the Iranian government ordered for him to be killed.
REF: In 1989, the Iranian government issued an order to kill him.

HYP: supporting to Islamist extremist group and
REF: he is "sympathetic to Shia extremism and

HYP: sent two aircraft without documented passengers to
REF: he sent two planes of undocumented migrants to

HYP: dry shelters and provide food.
REF: short-term shelters and meals.

HYP: The governor of Florida said this is a response to
REF: The Florida governor said he did this in response to

HYP: the past 20 years, announced he would retire
REF: over the past two decades, announced he would be retiring

HYP: to get his level.
REF: that he's reached his limits.

HYP: One of the major issues is health leave policies.
REF: One of the major areas of dispute was sick leave policies.

HYP: the King's funeral on Monday.
REF: the Queen's funeral on Monday.

HYP: the Earth is now our only storehouse.
REF: Earth is now our only shareholder.

HYP: that would provide more in-depth information at another conference.
REF: and would provide a detailed explanation in another meeting.

HYP: but analysts said this shows China is not fully supporting
REF: Analysts said this shows that China does not fully back

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That's all the top stories for today.

HYP: Zelenskyy met with President Biden and First Lady Jill Biden
REF: Zelenskyy met with President Biden and First Lady Jill Biden

HYP: at the White House this afternoon.
REF: at the White House this afternoon.

HYP: attended a press conference this afternoon
REF: hold a press conference this afternoon -

HYP: I will summarize the press conference and speech
REF: I will recap the press conference and the address

HYP: 11 years and 10 months in prison yesterday.
REF: 11 years and 10 months in prison on Tuesday.

HYP: after they got a call about there may be a theft
REF: responding to a call that there may be a burglary in

HYP: no cause.
REF: it is not known what the cause is.

HYP: most well known is "Incomplexion Rebound" is in
REF: is most well-known for the "Immaculate Reception,"

HYP: Buenos Aires Turino, the capital city of Argentina celebrated
REF: Buenos Aires, the capital of Argentina, to celebrate

HYP: the country won the World Cup.
REF: the country's World Cup victory.

HYP: altars were filled with the crowd of people.
REF: some highways just filled with a sea of people.

HYP: the World Cup, which became the most-loved heart ever
REF: the World Cup trophy has become the most-liked post ever

HYP: $2.47 million and do not have taxes.
REF: $4.7 million and paid zero taxes.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: This afternoon, Category 4 Hurricane Ian struck
REF: This afternoon, Category 4 Hurricane Ian made landfall

HYP: Some were told calls that they are experiencing
REF: Some of them said they are going through

HYP: A person in Ford Mines said they saw cars and boat
REF: A person in Fort Myers said he's seeing cars and boats

HYP: Florida Governor DeSantis said
REF: Florida Gov. DeSantis said

HYP: will be a dirty and a day.
REF: it is going to be nasty for two days.

HYP: We will know more about much damage to
REF: We will know more about the extent of the damage to

HYP: Agent officers had a heart attack and who has retired
REF: Fanone had a heart attack and has retired from

HYP: Some states also are trying to send
REF: There were also efforts by several states to send

HYP: electoral consensus movement and
REF: Electoral Count Reform and
0027314-2022.9.28.mp4	5.208	strongly suggests that we find careful ways to
0027316-2022.9.28.mp4	2.25	presidential transitions.
0027320-2022.9.28.mp4	7.042	differences so both chambers will have to iron it out before
0027323-2022.9.28.mp4	6.75	On Tuesday, Swedish officials said they detected explosions
0027324-2022.9.28.mp4	9.25	and leaks on the undersea Nord Stream 1 and 2 pipelines.
0027328-2022.9.28.mp4	6.208	Today the European Union said they believe the leaks were
0027344-2022.9.28.mp4	4.75	It is a big concern because Russia can now say
0027358-2022.9.28.mp4	3.625	when he was bitten in his butt by the mountain lion.
0027375-2022.7.20.mp4	3.75	Gas prices have started going down.
0027379-2022.7.20.mp4	1.625	and Oklahoma.
0027382-2022.7.20.mp4	6.583	Netflix said it lost almost one million subscribers
0027383-2022.7.20.mp4	2.167	in the second quarter.
0027398-2022.7.20.mp4	5.042	Democratic leaders said a federal law protecting
0027406-2022.7.20.mp4	4.875	gay marriage if the Supreme Court overturns its prior ruling
0027411-2022.7.20.mp4	9.458	into his ex-girlfriend's family as they were walking by a road
0027413-2022.7.20.mp4	5.833	The gunman's name is Derick Madden.
0027415-2022.7.20.mp4	4.625	She was on vacation with her older sister,
0027427-2022.7.20.mp4	7.542	Police said Madden had mental health issues.
0027429-2022.7.20.mp4	4.667	but said, She fought back and she won."

HYP: Investigators said they found new evidence.
REF: Investigators said they have uncovered new evidence that

HYP: Researchers said she was a part of Trump's team of
REF: Investigators consider him a key part of the Trump campaign's

HYP: Ukrainian First Lady Olena Zelensky gave a speech
REF: Ukraine's First Lady Olena Zelenska gave an address

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: are now trying to push all 50 states actions
REF: There is an ongoing effort to get all 50 states to take action

HYP: Many are looking at Oliver Lee,
REF: A lot of attention was on Opal Lee,

HYP: the mother of Johnhead because she has worked for
REF: the "grandmother of Juneteenth" because she has worked for

HYP: America should celebrate from the 1917 to
REF: Americans should celebrate from the 19th of June to

HYP: the sixth July because it will be a celebration of freedom.
REF: the 4th of July because "That would be celebrating freedom."

HYP: The new limitation has transgender athletes must
REF: The new restriction is that transgender athletes must

HYP: to participate in women's sports.
REF: they can participate in women's competitions.

HYP: The reasoning of 12 year if a person is given
REF: The idea for the rule change is that if a person has gone

HYP: the man Perui,
REF: through "male puberty,"

HYP: women's sports be fair.
REF: that makes women's competition unfair.

HYP: oppose all efforts to validate transgender identification.
REF: and opposed all efforts to validate transgender identity.

HYP: During the meeting, some people harassed
REF: During the convention, some attendees harassed

HYP: the man's victim was inside in
REF: where the gunman and the victims were in.

HYP: The police chief of the Uvalde School system,
REF: The police chief of the Uvalde school system,

HYP: on a light in a pond.
REF: lying down on a farm in Kansas.

HYP: is a huge economic loss for the farms.
REF: so it is a significant economic loss for the farms.

HYP: extreme cold start this evening and continue through the weekend.
REF: extreme cold beginning tonight and lasting through the weekend.

HYP: Northern Massachusetts may have wind gusts to 0-60 degrees.
REF: Northern Maine may get wind chill forecasts of -60 F.

HYP: banned from participating in teams training
REF: which bars him from participating in practices

HYP: Dr. Al Sharpton said in a speech that
REF: The Rev. Al Sharpton said in a speech that

HYP: A 17-year-old boy who was walking on the streets of Kenova carrying
REF: when he was 17 years old and walking the streets of Kenosha

HYP: officers to injure protesters.
REF: with police to cause harm to protesters.

HYP: A state assemblywoman in Saybury, New Jersey was found dead in
REF: A councilwoman in Sayreville, New Jersey was found dead inside

HYP: the motive to kill him, but we do not know what the possible motive is.
REF: a targeted shooting but do not know what the motive could be.

HYP: New Jersey Governor Murphy said it's shocking and
REF: NJ Gov. Murphy said he is stunned and

HYP: Donald Trump, and Haley.
REF: Donald Trump, the former president, and Haley.

HYP: Haley recently posted on his Twitter said:
REF: Haley recently posted on her Twitter

HYP: is the highest profitable company that has ever made
REF: It's the highest profit the company has made in

HYP: the first virtual-currency profit on SSL for they benefit
REF: one-time windfall taxes on the companies for benefiting

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: It started burning in a neighborhood around 2 p.m. local time
REF: It started burning residential areas around 3 p.m. local time

HYP: Many homes have high value of
REF: Many homes that were valued at

HYP: Astronautics Starship said they have received their first image
REF: Astronomers said they've captured the first image

HYP: the "Black Hole" at the center of the Hawke,
REF: of the black hole at the center of the Milky Way,

HYP: Another galaxy of 53 million light years
REF: which is from a galaxy 53 million light-years

HYP: "Joe the Judd" and said the mother died of
REF: called "The Judds," said their mother died from

HYP: Both daughters attended the ceremony,
REF: Both daughters attended the ceremony and

HYP: to the sitting member of Congress.
REF: subpoena a sitting member of Congress.

HYP: will apply to join NATO to strengthen
REF: they will apply for NATO membership to strengthen

HYP: to join NADA on Sunday.
REF: on its intention to join NATO on Sunday.

HYP: approved from NATO's member states.
REF: they need the approval of NATO's 30 member states.

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: the unknown suspect fired a gas canister
REF: by an unknown suspect who detonated a gas canister

HYP: was sitting in a subway yard with bloodletting injuries.
REF: collapsing on the platform with bleeding wounds.

HYP: Law enforcement said they found a gun and
REF: Law enforcement said they recovered a gun and

HYP: but did not describe it.
REF: but did not explain what they looked like.

HYP: Authorities presented this afternoon a press conference that said
REF: Authorities said in an afternoon press conference that

HYP: Researchers have a cell video that
REF: Investigators also have a cell phone video

HYP: Law enforcement have not designated the shooting as a terrorism,
REF: They have not named this incident as "terrorism"

HYP: was imprisoned in Russia since February.
REF: her detainment in Russia in February.

HYP: he was to be arrested shortly before
REF: and happened to be arrested just before

HYP: this is a very complicated match.
REF: that it is an extraordinarily complex challenge.

HYP: The WNBA season begins on May 6.
REF: The WNBA's season tips off on May 6.

HYP: Oklahoma Governor Kevin Satt (R) signed into law a bill
REF: Oklahoma Gov. Kevin Stitt (R) signed into law a bill

HYP: to make it sacrificial to provide an abortion.
REF: that makes it a felony to provide an abortion.

HYP: Fox News explained that Depp sued Heard in 2019
REF: Fox News explained that Depp sued Heard in 2019

HYP: Russia's war against Ukraine.
REF: by Russia's war against Ukraine.

HYP: eastern Ukraine and to ensure Russian defense.
REF: eastern Ukraine and to ensure the security of Russia.

HYP: Putin said it's clear that we have no other choice.
REF: Putin said "it's obvious that we had no other choice."

HYP: In separate but related news, the Pentagon said they are investigating
REF: In separate but related news, the Pentagon said it is looking

HYP: his body was trampled down.
REF: his body collapsed.

HYP: driven off.
REF: in an ambulance.

HYP: The game was suspended and then postponed.
REF: The game was suspended and then postponed.

HYP: an ice snowmobile accident in Utah.
REF: a snowmobile accident in Utah.

HYP: killed him.
REF: top of him.

HYP: when he took the company in 2004.
REF: after selling the company in 2004,

HYP: the great tennis player of all time, announced he was
REF: the greatest tennis players of all time, said she was diagnosed

HYP: because he had a apology too.
REF: it was discovered that she had breast cancer.

HYP: and that "absolute forgiveness".
REF: but that there's no excuse.

HYP: an ocean river crashing into.
REF: leading to the Pacific Ocean.

HYP: First responders said they can see people in the cars,
REF: First responders said they could see movement in the car,

HYP: Firefighters put up clappers and use
REF: Firefighters used ropes to rappel down the cliff and used

HYP: used by a helicopter to pull out the survivors.
REF: A helicopter was also used to bring up survivors.

HYP: First responders said it was a miracle that
REF: First responders said it was a miracle that

HYP: The Speaker of the House.
REF: the Speaker of the House.

HYP: support to him.
REF: the trust in him.

HYP: the House Freedom Congress, which was
REF: the House Freedom Caucus, which includes

HYP: there is no candidate to get a quali
REF: If no candidate has the majority,

HYP: McCarthy's first attempt to become Speaker of House fails
REF: McCarthy's first attempt to become House Speaker failed

HYP: suffered serious injury in a snowplow accident on Sunday
REF: who was seriously injured in a snow plow accident on Sunday

HYP: by their other social media posts that show
REF: which based on his previous social media posts,

HYP: she was the leg accidentally after her leg.
REF: when the snowplow accidentally ran over his leg.

HYP: The hospital underwent surgery and is now in critical condition
REF: He underwent surgery and is now in critical

HYP: unacceptable to be deleted".
REF: unacceptable and unforgivable.

HYP: to Russia.
REF: against Russia.

HYP: Ukrainian army said they fired 10 Russian jets
REF: Ukrainian forces said they shot down 10 Russian planes

HYP: News reports said they are pulling survivors from the rubble
REF: News reports said survivors are being pulled out of the wreckage

HYP: killed in the past two weeks.
REF: were killed over the past three weeks.

HYP: another month until May 19.
REF: another two months to May 19,

HYP: was arrested at a Moscow airport in February,
REF: She was detained at a Moscow airport in February -

HYP: A news report explained that another company as
REF: A news report explained that other companies such as

HYP: one mile south of Farmington.
REF: off the coast of Fukushima.

HYP: Four people died and nearly 100 were injured.
REF: Four people died and almost 100 people were injured.

HYP: comforted that the impact is not to be
REF: but fortunately the impact is nowhere near

HYP: Netflix said it would charge subscribers to
REF: Netflix said they would charge subscribers

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: police suspected it was the same vehicle that was away from
REF: because he thought it was the same car that evaded him

HYP: before days ago.
REF: the day earlier.

HYP: is still recovering.
REF: He is still recovering.

HYP: Musk said he hopes to make human tests in
REF: Musk said he hopes to conduct human trials in

HYP: Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago home.
REF: Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago home.

HYP: client-client privilege or executive authority.
REF: the attorney-client privilege or executive privilege.

HYP: Democratic leaders to raise North Carolina to become
REF: Democratic leaders to make South Carolina

HYP: The CDC is a key to Biden's victories of
REF: South Carolina was key to Biden's run of primary victories

HYP: that shows that workplace is still strong.
REF: which shows that the jobs market is staying strong.

HYP: It is Tuesday, September 6.
REF: It is Tuesday, September 6.

HYP: On Friday morning in Memphis,
REF: On Friday morning in Memphis,

HYP: A man caught her and detained
REF: when she was kidnapped by a man,

HYP: of Dr. Herrick from being captured.
REF: about 7.5 miles away from where she was kidnapped.

HYP: over five years ago.
REF: over 20 years ago.

HYP: Police say the knife stabbing occurred in
REF: Police said the stabbings happened at

HYP: became the 11th person to die in this situation.
REF: He became the 11th person who died in this case.

HYP: Police say they believe that somewhere
REF: Police believe he is somewhere around

HYP: the capital city of Rhodium.
REF: the provincial capital of Regina.

HYP: in Canadian history.
REF: in Canada.

HYP: the FBI seized from Trump's Mar-a-Lago home and
REF: the FBI seized from his Mar-a-Lago home.

HYP: a win because the FBI and the Department of Justice
REF: at least for now, because now the FBI / Department of Justice

HYP: a special master who looks for an outside law
REF: the special master, who will be an outside legal expert,

HYP: The DOJ said they've reviewed all the documents and has
REF: The DOJ said it has already reviewed all documents

HYP: The judge said the decision made because
REF: The judge said she made the decision

HYP: The judge authorised separate attention from
REF: The judge allowed a separate assessment from

HYP: is still on.
REF: That review can go on.

HYP: who replaces Berrie Johnson, also a conservative
REF: will replace Boris Johnson, also a Conservative,

HYP: He vowed he would take a courageous action to address the problem
REF: Truss promised that she would take bold action to address

HYP: rising energy prices and inflation.
REF: rising energy costs and steep inflation.

HYP: joined up to support Ukraine.
REF: and working together to support Ukraine.

HYP: There were nine adults and a child on the plane.
REF: There were nine adults and one child on the plane.

HYP: A 21-year-old woman named Tatia Pamarezki,
REF: A 21-year-old woman named Tanya Pardazi,

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today’s top stories.

HYP: Brady said his playing career is a happy spirit,
REF: Brady said his playing career has been such a “thrilling ride”

HYP: but now time has focused on other things.
REF: but that it’s time for him to focus on other things.

HYP: Brady is 44 years old.
REF: Brady is 44 years old.

HYP: A federal judge in Georgia.
REF: A federal judge in Georgia

HYP: the Department of Justice.
REF: between the Department of Justice

HYP: to be able to acknowledge that the murder was based on racialism,
REF: because they got Travis to admit that the killing was racially motivated.

HYP: will release vaccines by the end of this month.
REF: may be available by the end of this month.

HYP: they managed to perform for baby boys up to sixth grade.
REF: but it worked well for those 6 months to 2 years old.

HYP: But many will be watching what to do with the request.
REF: Many people will be watching what the FDA does with the Pfizer request.

HYP: to announce that their neck chalice died.
REF: to share that their beloved Chelsie has passed away.

HYP: It is Thursday, November 3.
REF: It is Thursday, November 3.

HYP: Last month a jury decided not to follow
REF: Last month a jury decided against

HYP: his life sentence without the possibility of parole.
REF: His life sentence has no possibility of parole.

HYP: Fortunately, no one reported being injured.
REF: Fortunately, there were no reported injuries.

HYP: washing Halloween before eating.
REF: their children's candies before they consume them.

HYP: The U.N. report published a concern that effects
REF: A UN report warned that because of the effects of

HYP: carbon emissions that cause warming.
REF: due to CO2 emissions, which are warming temperatures."

HYP: that may be in prison terms yet.
REF: serve a potential prison term.

HYP: He raised the interest rates from 2.5% to 3%.
REF: The bank raised interest rates to 3% from 2.25%.

HYP: The Bank of England coach said it is necessary to carry out the
REF: The Bank of England's boss said they have to act forcefully

HYP: as a result of the Ukraine war.
REF: in part because of the Ukraine war,

HYP: that is starting to hurt the economy.
REF: started to drag on the economy."

HYP: Miss Dominica Fife Vallorina and
REF: Miss Puerto Rico Fabiola Valentin and

HYP: got married on Friday.
REF: got married on Friday.

HYP: of St. John's Airport.
REF: San Juan, Puerto Rico.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: It is Tuesday, January 31.
REF: It is Tuesday, January 31.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: That was frightening.
REF: That's scary.

HYP: will likely be flying for 30 years
REF: likely continue flying decades from now

HYP: the Dallas-Fort Worth and Texas
REF: in the Dallas-Fort Worth area and Austin

HYP: If it has caused a disaster on the street,
REF: The ice, other than causing havoc on roads,

HYP: 13 Jewish players in a playoff game.
REF: a 13-year-old player in an away game.

HYP: The coach's name was Alicia Bayneerson.
REF: The coach's name is Alisha Boykins.

HYP: WWE.com reported that the team players and
REF: WAVY.com reported that the basketball team's players

HYP: watched the bank for the money's decline.
REF: He checked his bank account and saw the funds being drained.

HYP: the parents buy him.
REF: Dad, did the pepperoni pizzas come yet?

HYP: depends on the type of health and
REF: depends on the type of health insurance you have and

HYP: dose of Covid-19 patients but it will end
REF: treating Covid-19 patients, but this will end

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: with a casket.
REF: The papers were on a carpet.

HYP: investigation investigation and that government documents appeared
REF: the government's investigation and that government records

HYP: a special master".
REF: a special master appointed.

HYP: Michael Gorchev, who was the leader of Susan Ryan's
REF: Mikhail Gorbachev, who was the leader of the Soviet Union

HYP: on Tuesday.
REF: on Tuesday.

HYP: the Omicron B.5 variant.
REF: the Omicron BA.5 variant.

HYP: Axios explained that vaccines are for the first time
REF: Axios explained that the vaccines are the first

HYP: booster shot because less than half of those have received
REF: in booster shots, because less than half who are

HYP: fully vaccinated and received a first booster dose.
REF: fully vaccinated have received a first booster dose.

HYP: The second person who died during the shooting
REF: A second person died during the shooting -

HYP: They brought an AR-15-style rifle and a shotgun.
REF: He had an AR-15-style rifle and a shotgun with him.

HYP: but it was Friday because of the weather.
REF: instead of Friday due to bad weather.

HYP: a future to send asteroids to the Moon.
REF: eventually send astronauts to the moon.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: The states are: Georgia, Arizona, Pennsylvania,
REF: The key states to watch are Georgia, Arizona, Pennsylvania,

HYP: an outside cardboard but can be pulled dog
REF: the outer envelope put aside,

HYP: Smith Sen. wants to toss out all missing ballots in
REF: Secretary of State that sought to toss absentee ballots in

HYP: if they have no witness of his life.
REF: if a witness address is not complete.

HYP: election rules in certain states.
REF: or due to election rules in certain states.

HYP: the election was rigged.
REF: to a rigged election.

HYP: The real news announced yesterday that
REF: The real Musk announced yesterday that going forward,

HYP: Biden's status as leader.
REF: Musk's leadership style.

HYP: long before making the negotiations
REF: The U.S. wants that demand to be dropped.

HYP: he saw that Ukraine continues to receive support
REF: support from other countries to be able to continue to

HYP: to the country to defend itself
REF: defend themselves from Russian attacks.

HYP: now reduce support for the U.S. to
REF: support for the U.S. to continue to send billions of dollars

HYP: shooting of Pillies on Saturday
REF: on Saturday night in Game 6.

HYP: the owner of the retail business, Jim McIgnall, known as
REF: Jim McIngvale, as known as Mattress Mack,

HYP: the ASASA won the championship.
REF: He made that offer and then made that bet, so,

HYP: the settlement, and that means McCignal will
REF: this means McIngvale will be giving a lot of happy customers

HYP: end of broadcast episodes, penalties won out in 2019.
REF: had to be decided by a penalty shootout.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: in February 22.
REF: on February 22.

HYP: It is not clear what the motive for the shooting.
REF: It is not clear what the motive is for the shooting.

HYP: NBC said the hate crime charges require proof that
REF: NBC said hate crime charges would require proving

HYP: the shooter was motivated based on biases.
REF: the shooter was motivated by bias.

HYP: carrying a nuclear weapon.
REF: carrying nuclear weapons.

HYP: plans to make criminal referral to
REF: it plans to make criminal referrals to

HYP: was at home with the front door open uncovered.
REF: there was a home with a front door that was left open.

HYP: I will give more updates on this tomorrow.
REF: I'll provide an update on this race tomorrow.

HYP: The affidavit showed that classified documents in
REF: The inventory showed that there were top secret records in

HYP: an office in a warehouse and that 48 free means
REF: an office and storage room and 48 empty folders with labels

HYP: special secret items, in places
REF: that some top-secret materials were in places

HYP: personal information and possible obstruction.
REF: of classified information and obstruction.

HYP: Axios said it's another month of strong job growth.
REF: Axios news said it is another month of solid job gains.

HYP: One of the police officers who were trying to defend
REF: one of the police officers who was trying to defend

HYP: The jury found him guilty in May and
REF: Prosecutors said a jury found him guilty in May and

HYP: followed in the moment, but it had consequences.
REF: got caught up in the moment, but that there must be consequences.

HYP: strongly criticized former President Trump
REF: to issue a strong criticism of former president Trump

HYP: which is "MAGFAENS". ⁇ 
REF: and "MAGA forces."

HYP: "The power masses are keen to remove the country
REF: MAGA forces are determined to take this country backwards

HYP: Biden said Ohio Republicans did not respect the constitution
REF: Biden said MAGA Republicans do not respect the Constitution

HYP: Biden gave Biden's speech to millions of Americans
REF: Biden slandered tens of millions of Americans

HYP: designated as "fans".
REF: by calling them fascists.

HYP: those who voted for Trump were not insurrection.
REF: those who voted for Trump didn't want an insurrection.

HYP: Christiana Frierson Dzhurchenko, who is
REF: Cristina Fernández de Kirchner,

HYP: was almost shot dead last night when he met
REF: was nearly shot last night when she was meeting with

HYP: sending crews back to the Moon.
REF: to send astronauts back to the Moon.

HYP: The rocket will not have a crew.
REF: The launch tomorrow will be uncrewed.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: CNBC said it was a natural snowfall and strong winds
REF: CNBC said, "unusual amounts of snowfall and strong winds across

HYP: the state has destroyed structures, roads,
REF: the state have damaged highways and roads and

HYP: Some of the most severe impacts were in the areas
REF: Some of the most severely impacted areas are in

HYP: are still counting.
REF: to help locals.

HYP: with 15 feet of snow in some areas.
REF: getting 15 feet of snow in some areas.

HYP: The Hadhsch Airport at International Airport on Monday.
REF: the Lehigh Valley International Airport on Monday.

HYP: on a potential explosion.
REF: they found a possible explosive device.

HYP: The Coast Guard used the public air system to ask Meyer
REF: The TSA used the airport's public system to ask Muffley to

HYP: Police arrested him at his home on Monday night and charged
REF: The FBI arrested him at his home on Monday night and charged him

HYP: bombs and a bomb at airport.
REF: with possession of an explosive device in an airport.

HYP: Crou is two US NASA astronauts
REF: The crew is made up of two NASA astronauts,

HYP: on Friday and crew will spend about six months on the ISS.
REF: Friday and the crew will stay about six months on ISS.

HYP: a day and from being used an iPhone from Thursday night to morning.
REF: a day and they are blocked from the app from 10 pm to 6 am.

HYP: Over 80 people were injured.
REF: Over 80 were injured.

HYP: The report said the British royal family asked Prince Harry and
REF: The British royal family asked Prince Harry and

HYP: Disney Walt Disney filed a federal lawsuit
REF: The Walt Disney Company filed a federal lawsuit against

HYP: The controversial dispute between Disney's and Disney's started last year
REF: The controversy between Disney and DeSantis started last year

HYP: the accused of them while being driven.
REF: The three are accused of throwing rocks while driving.

HYP: Police said the body carrier's remains was found
REF: Police said the remains of the driver were found at

HYP: and that he had a lapel with the name of Sarita.
REF: that there was a receipt with Solis’ name on it.

HYP: A video is shown of Tyre walking in with a shawl.
REF: the video shows Solis carrying trash bags outside.

HYP: and transporting over 1.2 pounds of marijuana.
REF: for trafficking more than 1.2 pounds of marijuana.

HYP: The Spencer's family said that this
REF: Suppiah’s family said he said he was innocent and

HYP: In Ghana, law enforcement found a mass grave
REF: In Kenya, authorities discovered mass graves of

HYP: Massage finds were found in a forest near the city of Mariuli.
REF: The mass graves were found in a forest near the town of Malindi.

HYP: Jackson will be the first Black woman judge
REF: Jackson will be the first Black woman justice

HYP: he will take oath this summer.
REF: when she is sworn in this summer.

HYP: He said "The lung is the dream and the hope of slavery",
REF: She said, "I am the dream and the hope of the slave,"

HYP: covered up liquids and images show
REF: or blankets covering them and another showed

HYP: a private company that aims to build
REF: which is a private company that hopes to build

HYP: and burn the fire for experiments.
REF: lit it on fire for an experiment.

HYP: A UHF Carrier truck rolled off course after it landed
REF: A DHL cargo jet slid off the runway after landing

HYP: Fortunately, no one was injured.
REF: Fortunately, nobody on the crew was injured.

HYP: The airport in San Antonio was closed for hours
REF: The airport, in San Jose, was shut down for hours as

HYP: may have sanctions against Will Smith for
REF: possible sanctions against Will Smith for

HYP: federal student loan loans to cancel up to
REF: federal student loans to file an application to cancel up

HYP: The White House stated an estimated 20 million people
REF: The White House estimated that about 20 million people could

HYP: The program was controversial and challenged in court
REF: The program is controversial and has been challenged in court by

HYP: related to Re.
REF: its relationship with Ye.

HYP: out to the city.
REF: to the city.

HYP: the city of Kherson, which is occupied.
REF: the now-occupied city of Kherson.

HYP: Ukrainian officials said the Russian forces used
REF: Ukrainian officials said Russian troops are using

HYP: Putin declared a military call that is not popular in Russia.
REF: since Putin announced an unpopular mobilization.

HYP: The Republican races in California and New York helping
REF: Republican wins in California and New York helped
0030706-2022.11.17.mp4	3.5	for a House majority.

HYP: This means that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi will have to submit
REF: This means House Speaker Nancy Pelosi will have to pass

HYP: died, but did not name the suspects.
REF: the four students died but did not name them as suspects.

HYP: 66 votes showed there was sufficient support in the Senate
REF: The 62 votes show that there is enough support in the Senate

HYP: stop any attempts to kill the bill with filibuster.
REF: to stop any efforts to torpedo the bill by a filibuster.

HYP: President Biden said he will sign the bill.
REF: President Biden said he would sign the bill,

HYP: said the Court could overturn a previous decision in 2019
REF: signaled that they may overturn a previous decision in 2015

HYP: Another contributing cause can be hearing to go to countries with
REF: Another factor that may cause hearing loss is attending

HYP: over 40 million people in the world now
REF: over 400 million people worldwide currently have

HYP: Darrell Brooks, who drove his SUV through a Christmas parade
REF: Darrell Brooks, who drove his SUV into a Christmas parade

HYP: The judge Jeffrey Dorner said that the city could only
REF: Judge Jennifer Dorow said, "this community can only be

HYP: The James Webb Space Telescope took this photo
REF: The James Webb Space Telescope took this photograph of

HYP: which is called Permont.
REF: This is called a protostar,

HYP: The future stars in the skeleton sheet of the glowing
REF: The future star is in the neck (middle) of the hourglass.

HYP: It is Thursday, August 11.
REF: It is Thursday, August 11.

HYP: The national average cost of a gallon of gasoline
REF: The national average cost of a gallon of gasoline is

HYP: Both Couder Price and Oil Price gas
REF: Both crude oil and wholesale gasoline prices have
0030800-2022.8.11.mp4	3.458	It is not yet known what caused the explosion.
0030801-2022.8.11.mp4	3.167	A fire department official said
0030807-2022.8.11.mp4	4.375	Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF).
0030811-2022.8.11.mp4	7.333	questions over 400 times in response to about four hours'
0030817-2022.8.11.mp4	8.375	He then said, same answer" to every question after that.

HYP: does not answer,
REF: the idea that if Trump didn't answer questions,

HYP: intentionally take away records with classified information and
REF: to knowingly remove documents with classified information and

HYP: In February, federal officials went to Mar-a-Lago to take
REF: In February, federal officials went to Mar-a-Lago to remove

HYP: The FBI's office said the man tried to enter through
REF: The FBI office said the man tried to break in through

HYP: The suspect fled his car and drove on the north
REF: the suspect fled in his vehicle and drove north

HYP: in February.
REF: on Interstate 71.

HYP: in the chaos.
REF: and working to resolve the incident.

HYP: Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort.
REF: Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: Today temperature at London's Hamburg Airport heated to
REF: Today temperatures at London's Heathrow Airport reached

HYP: Reuters said Britain is in a state of national emergency
REF: Reuters said Britain is now in a state of national emergency

HYP: A U.K. government official said
REF: A UK government official said

HYP: Within a car was a 4-year-old boy and
REF: Inside the car was the four-year-old and

HYP: Fortunately, no one was shot.
REF: Fortunately, nobody was shot.

HYP: A police officer said if the boy with his gun on,
REF: An officer said if the kid aimed a bit lower,

HYP: would be used in the war.
REF: that will be used in the war.

HYP: Health officials said they are responding quickly
REF: Health officials said they are responding quickly

HYP: trying to move forward faster and potential infections.
REF: and trying to get ahead of a possible outbreak.

HYP: The Jan. 6 House committee will propose
REF: The Jan 6. House Committee will have

HYP: The committee will focus on what Donald Trump will do
REF: The committee said they will focus on what Donald Trump did

HYP: The New York Post reported that the senators were part of
REF: The NY Post explained that the two staffers were among

HYP: the Trump administration working for senators
REF: a group of Trump administration staffers
0030976-2022.7.19.mp4	6.292	Alex Morgan scored the only goal in the game,
0030983-2022.7.19.mp4	2.208	Now the U.S. has defeated Canada.
0030987-2023.3.23.mp4	2.5	It is March 23.
0030990-2023.3.23.mp4	3.458	a House committee today.
0030992-2023.3.23.mp4	5.625	and there have been concerns from U.S. lawmakers
0030995-2023.3.23.mp4	6.375	There are about 150 million Americans who use TikTok.
0031000-2023.3.23.mp4	11.042	a firewall" to seal off U.S. data from foreign access.

HYP: The Biden administration wants to see Biden sell to
REF: The Biden administration wants to see ByteDance sell TikTok to

HYP: Some members of Congress have opposed
REF: There are some members of Congress who disagree that

HYP: In the morning found a gun when the shooting.
REF: morning, a gun was found and the shooting happened.

HYP: On Tuesday, law enforcement in Virginia said
REF: On Tuesday, law enforcement in Virginia said

HYP: They fled by sucking a hole through a wall by
REF: They escaped by digging a hole through a wall using

HYP: They were arrested the two.
REF: and they were arrested.

HYP: The local sheriff's office said that they are working
REF: The local sheriff's office said they are working on

HYP: there was a construction yard and
REF: where there was a construction zone.

HYP: ten miles of direction and crashed into it.
REF: go through a gap.

HYP: heartfelt apologies to the victims and families
REF: his heart goes out to the victims and families

HYP: The Manhattan District Attorney's office wrote
REF: The Manhattan District Attorney's Office said in

HYP: that Republican members of Congress have pulled
REF: that Republican members of Congress were pulled

HYP: provide information about their investigation.
REF: provide information about its investigation.

HYP: to interfere in New York's own jurisdictions.
REF: an "unlawful incursion into New York's sovereignty."

HYP: pay to Terrorist and Transfers.
REF: to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)

HYP: a promotion and posted an explanation that may have
REF: She posted that “this is not

HYP: Carroll's granddaughter
REF: Carter’s granddaughter Paige Alexander,

HYP: human rights and public health issues around the world.
REF: human rights and public health causes around the world.

HYP: The video showed the tournament manager pulling it
REF: The video shows the tournament official taking out

HYP: when he was arrested and that the fishers
REF: from inside of the catch of the fishermen who were

HYP: contact with law enforcement and that the
REF: law enforcement and that the two fishermen

HYP: support from the federal government.
REF: the support of the federal government.

HYP: The U.S. also has government support
REF: The U.S. also had government-sponsored

HYP: And recently there were found mass graves near
REF: there were recent discoveries of mass graves near

HYP: AP News said the 6 shootings in Florida,
REF: AP News said 61 of them were in Florida,

HYP: in a soccer stadium after a game of opposing teams.
REF: a soccer stadium after a match between two rivals.

HYP: let's see what went wrong.
REF: what went wrong.

HYP: other accusations to the crowds for flow of water.
REF: Others blamed fans for jumping on the soccer field.

HYP: Russia's second-largest city was hit by a rocket.
REF: Ukraine's second largest city, was blown up by a rocket strike.

HYP: The city has been hit by shelling by Russian forces.
REF: The city has faced multiple shelling from Russian forces.

HYP: by bombings.
REF: with bombs.

HYP: with food forces on Earth.
REF: food for the convoy.

HYP: the city is still under Ukrainian control.
REF: the city is still under Ukrainian control.

HYP: were targeted bombings on the Capitol in Kiev
REF: it would conduct strikes on government buildings in Kyiv

HYP: Ukrainian President Zelensky gave an address to
REF: Ukrainian President Zelensky said in a speech to

HYP: the European Port on Tuesday and that Ukraine must
REF: the European Parliament on Tuesday that Ukraine needs

HYP: The reporter said they noticed two different groups.
REF: The reporter said there were two different flows of people,

HYP: and foreign men to wait to watch the women,
REF: and children and that foreign men must wait for them,

HYP: "it violated international law".
REF: violate international law.

HYP: Monday at injuries that hit his head to
REF: on Monday from injuries she sustained in her head from

HYP: was hit in November in New York City.
REF: an attack in November in New York City.

HYP: The New York City Police Department arrested a suspect,
REF: The New York Police Department arrested a suspect,

HYP: the result of violence towards the APIA community.
REF: a result of violence against the AAPI community."

HYP: It doesn't seem like the church held service
REF: It didn't seem like the church was holding services -

HYP: it seems like it's only for supervised visitation
REF: that it was just supposed to be a supervised visit

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That's all the top stories for today.

HYP: The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) was having
REF: The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) had

HYP: it was downed overnight that
REF: an outage in its system overnight and as a result,

HYP: IAF ordered to stop all flights being stopped
REF: the FAA halted all flight departures from

HYP: hit it.
REF: despite the loss.

HYP: Willisurd will serve his five-month sentence at Rivera Island Prison.
REF: Weisselberg will serve his term on Rikers Island.

HYP: Police said the teenage girls were between 15 and 13 years
REF: Police said the teen girls were between 13 and 16 years old.

HYP: Police said the girls may have targeted Lee
REF: Police said the girls may have targeted Lee

HYP: and deliver alcohol.
REF: because he was carrying alcohol.

HYP: are minors.
REF: because they are minors.

HYP: The shark is large over 6 feet long.
REF: They grew to be over 60 feet long.

HYP: The fish was found 5 inches long.
REF: The tooth she found was 5 inches long.

HYP: It is Monday, May 16.
REF: It is Monday, May 16.

HYP: the shooting outlined a racist hate crime.
REF: the shooting was an "absolute racist hate crime.

HYP: He shot at Ghoron, but the bullet did not go through
REF: He shot at Gendron but the bullet couldn't get

HYP: pulled from throat cord by from
REF: put the gun to his head but then dropped it and

HYP: Police said there were four bodies in a parking lot
REF: Police said there were four bodies in the parking lot

HYP: Margaret McEwen, and Andrea McMonnell,
REF: Margus Morrison, Andre Mackneil,

HYP: a gunman entered into a church and shot people in
REF: a gunman entered a church and opened fire on people gathered

HYP: There was a group of Taiwanese group that targeted the team
REF: Its Taiwanese congregation was targeted.

HYP: the man said their actions
REF: the gunman, calling it

HYP: the war in Ukraine, but are still holding many employees
REF: after the war in Ukraine started but continued to pay

HYP: a total of 60,000.
REF: its 62,000 employees.

HYP: to be able to buy the restaurants and Defesting,
REF: Russia to acquire the restaurants and "de-Arch" them -

HYP: Pennsylvania, North Carolina,
REF: Pennsylvania, North Carolina,

HYP: Pennsylvania has an open Senate seat
REF: In Pennsylvania, there is an open Senate seat

HYP: There are races for governor.
REF: there are primaries for governor.

HYP: the District of Columbia Supreme Court.
REF: the North Carolina Supreme Court.

HYP: Ukrainian President Zelenskyy said his forces have pushed
REF: In Ukraine, President Zelenskyy said his troops have pushed

HYP: There are more intense battles in the south-east of Ukraine.
REF: Most of the most fierce battles are in southeastern Ukraine.

HYP: One child was injured.
REF: including a child.

HYP: The decision is not surprising because it has already made opinions on
REF: The ruling was not a surprise because a draft opinion on

HYP: It is the time to inform the Constitution and
REF: It is time to heed the Constitution

HYP: regardless of what the new laws will be
REF: said "Whatever the exact scope of the coming laws,

HYP: the violent protests.
REF: protesting against it.

HYP: CBS News explained that once the,
REF: CBS News explained that with the reversal of Roe,

HYP: In 2018, the Mississippi legislature and governor passed
REF: In 2018, Mississippi's legislature and governor passed

HYP: Mississippi's only one college student,
REF: The state's only abortion clinic,

HYP: but states don't make it hard for women to
REF: which said states couldn't make it difficult for women to

HYP: The case appealed to the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals
REF: The case went to the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals,

HYP: Frenchman in 2020.
REF: an opinion issued February 20, 2020 that said,

HYP: the 1519 were unconstitutional.
REF: of pregnancy is also unconstitutional."

HYP: Justice Ruth Gardner Ginsburg was unexpectedly to die,
REF: Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg unexpectedly passed away,

HYP: Trump got a third opportunity to nominate
REF: giving Trump a third opportunity to nominate

HYP: Chief Justice John Roberts did not fully agree with
REF: Chief Justice John Roberts did not fully agree with

HYP: He said that the court should consider three cases to provide
REF: he believes the Court should reconsider three cases that gave

HYP: Almost 30 years since Congress has passed a bill
REF: It has been almost 30 years since Congress passed a bill

HYP: be allowed to keep by Republican Congressmen".
REF: and leave the rest to him and Republican Congressmen.

HYP: The committee showed that Clark was planned
REF: The committee showed that Clark planned to,

HYP: the 2020 election.
REF: in the 2020 election.

HYP: Carlson had proposed Georgia's
REF: Clark then would have recommended Georgia's

HYP: A DOJ official said they investigated
REF: A DOJ official said they looked into the claims

HYP: fatal consequences.
REF: criminal consequences.

HYP: in Chapeltown Tape South and named
REF: the Champlain Towers South in which the names of

HYP: safety teams across the country and
REF: It drew rescue crews from across the U.S. and as far away as

HYP: by a court.
REF: to this conclusion.

HYP: replenish some that is a good pitch at a distance is
REF: several single, seemingly well-aimed bullets were fired

HYP: Urdagh was 51 years old.
REF: Akleh was 51 years old.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: the kill that killed over 2,500 people.
REF: to collapse, killing over 2,500 people.

HYP: people are still sleeping.
REF: while many people were sleeping.

HYP: at 70 miles.
REF: about seven miles.

HYP: sent it to FBI LA in
REF: plans to take them to the FBI lab in

HYP: exactly before.
REF: not shooting it down earlier.

HYP: Singer Beyoncé is became the most glam rock artist of
REF: Musician Beyoncé became the most-awarded Grammy artist

HYP: the producer JayZ for most nominations,
REF: musician and producer Jay-Z, for the most Grammy nominations

HYP: May from Europe and the U.S. in July.
REF: starting in May in Europe and in the U.S. in July.

HYP: The mother and her daughter were enjoying phone callers
REF: The mother and daughter were avid bowlers and people said

HYP: explained that the family agreed to
REF: that explained the family made a joint decision to

HYP: of their lives.
REF: end their lives.

HYP: was one of the youngest children to graduate
REF: He is one of the youngest children to graduate

HYP: in Washington so far.
REF: from high school.

HYP: Her mother said that his brain has the ability to understand
REF: His mother said his brain has the capacity to understand

HYP: Smitsen of gun by a non-legislative employee
REF: possession of a firearm by an unlawful user

HYP: illegal and illegal.
REF: or addict of controlled substances.

HYP: accepting guns.
REF: from having firearms.

HYP: he killed the shootings.
REF: prior to the shootings.

HYP: was senseless.
REF: by this senseless violence."

HYP: the film's last release,
REF: in the film's final version,

HYP: thome to take a bag from his parents' home in
REF: on Kohberger, they recovered trash from his parents' home

HYP: Pennsylvania in the apartment, found a weapon with a
REF: in Pennsylvania and found a DNA match for

HYP: Washington University, there were other roommates
REF: where the four college students were killed -

HYP: on November 13.
REF: This happened on November 13.

HYP: by criminal justice.
REF: studying criminal justice.

HYP: was appointed to be a Speaker of the House.
REF: to tap him as the Speaker of the House.

HYP: to vote again.
REF: have been voting.

HYP: 60 votes from Republicans,
REF: at least 200 votes from Republicans every round

HYP: China does not begin laws, arrange bills or conferences from the Senate.
REF: its members and it can't set rules or introduce bills.

HYP: It is Thursday, April 14.
REF: It is Thursday, April 14.

HYP: he called New York police's tip line to report himself
REF: called the NYPD's tip line to report himself about

HYP: will be around in this McDonald's".
REF: I'll be around this McDonald's."

HYP: Other people,
REF: Several other people,

HYP: saw Jones walking on the street and commanded police to
REF: they saw James on the street and alerted police

HYP: The NYPD is now needing to figure out what
REF: The NYPD will have to figure out what to do with

HYP: the mass transit system.
REF: a mass transportation system.

HYP: The name "The Madoma" was severely damaged in a fire.
REF: the Moskva, was badly damaged in a fire.

HYP: Ukrainian forces said it was fired into the Black Sea.
REF: Ukrainian forces said they fired on it in the Black Sea.

HYP: approached a woman at a bar in New York City in 2018.
REF: touching a woman at a bar in New York City in 2018.

HYP: apologized to two other women.
REF: He issued an apology to the two other women.

HYP: at the.
REF: of counseling.

HYP: Elon Musk offers to buy Twitter for about $47 billion
REF: Elon Musk has offered to buy Twitter for about $43 billion

HYP: Police released a video that shows that officer
REF: The police department recently released videos that show

HYP: a man stopped over Yyay and
REF: a white male police officer pulling over Lyoya.

HYP: the officer pulled out his taser gun.
REF: The officer pulled out his yellow taser,

HYP: to at the.
REF: shot at Lyoya while he was looking down.

HYP: to come.
REF: for transparency purposes.

HYP: a bill to ban abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy,
REF: a bill that bans abortion after 15 weeks of pregnancy,

HYP: overhauled by Delaware Gov. Governor Beeman's veto law
REF: overrode the state's Democratic Gov. Beshear's veto on

HYP: News analysts said The Supreme Court,
REF: News analysts say the Supreme Court,

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: "You are at "Liberally State".
REF: and shouted, "Where is Nancy? Where is Nancy?"

HYP: Paul suffered injuries to his head and body and
REF: Paul sustained injuries to his head and body and

HYP: The police said the suspect arrested is David DePape,
REF: Police said the suspect's name is David DePape and

HYP: right-wing conspiracy theories about vaccines or
REF: right-wing conspiracy theories concerning vaccines or

HYP: finished its $44 billion deal to buy the company.
REF: he completed his $44 billion deal to purchase the company.

HYP: Biden has been battling as a minister for
REF: Brady has been struggling as the quarterback of

HYP: NBC News reported that six children and two adults
REF: NBC News reported that six young children and two adults were

HYP: children's ages from 3 to 13.
REF: The children's ages ranged from 1 to 13 years old.

HYP: Ukraine has denied the accusations and said that he
REF: Ukraine has denied this and returned an accusation

HYP: if Daou would use an explosion.
REF: Putin is going to use a dirty bomb.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: Reuters said Mauna Loa was last erupted in 1984.
REF: Reuters said Mauna Loa last erupted in 1984 and

HYP: In China, there are protests for the country's
REF: In China, there are many people protesting the country's

HYP: The protests began spread after 10 people died in
REF: The protests started to spread after ten people died in

HYP: caught resisted to the fire.
REF: to be trapped and die in the fire.

HYP: The crash caused about 85,000 residents in Montgomery County
REF: The crash caused about 85,000 residents of Montgomery County

HYP: The World Health Organization said they are to rename Monkeypox
REF: The World Health Organization (WHO) has renamed monkeypox

HYP: A 19-year-old man who fired a mass shooting in
REF: The 19-year-old man who carried out a mass shooting

HYP: 10 counts of murder of first degree and
REF: 10 first-degree murder charges and

HYP: The gunman's name is Payton Gendron.
REF: The gunman's name is Payton Gendron.

HYP: 11 of 15 of the people that Groner fired were Black.
REF: Eleven of the 13 people that Gendron shot were Black.

HYP: international tournaments, and Iran is only tie.
REF: the knockout tournament, while Iran only needs a tie.

HYP: vegan and warren watches that showed a
REF: England and Wales.

HYP: We'll see what happens.
REF: We'll see what happens.

HYP: The game will be at 2 p.m.
REF: The game is at 2:00 pm ET.

HYP: It is Tuesday, September 13th.
REF: It is Tuesday, September 13.

HYP: Police said a knuckle-walker killed a 77-year-old man
REF: police said a kangaroo killed a 77-year-old man

HYP: A family member's man was found with serious injuries
REF: A relative of the man found him with serious injuries.

HYP: Law enforcement in Waller, Michigan, said
REF: Police in Walled Lake, Michigan said

HYP: he saw lilian lameau come up to the front door with
REF: they said they saw Lanis come out of the front door with

HYP: before the shooting.
REF: at the time of the shootings.

HYP: angry and scared person.
REF: an angry and fearful person.

HYP: there is an active investigation.
REF: there is an active investigation.

HYP: Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SAC) submitted a bill to
REF: Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) introduced a bill that would put

HYP: There are special exemptions for rape, Ianca, and risk to
REF: There are exceptions for rape, incest, or risks to

HYP: her health.
REF: the mother's health.

HYP: the Senate after the 2022 election.
REF: and the Senate after the 2022 election,

HYP: voters during the midterm elections.
REF: for voters during the midterm elections,

HYP: The White House said the senator's bill is
REF: The White House said the senator's bill is

HYP: after they were shot.
REF: before the shooting.

HYP: that knew the singer.
REF: those who knew the musician.

HYP: former campaign councilman and former deputy chancellor dim sum.
REF: former campaign CFO, and former deputy chief of staff.

HYP: be able both.
REF: or possibly both.

HYP: sending out fake electors, money-raising measures,
REF: send fake electors, fundraising efforts,

HYP: can take out people's phones.
REF: that allowed them to seize individuals' cell phones.

HYP: at least five times and has said many tax comments in
REF: at least five times, made many sex-related comments in

HYP: is still apologizing for his words of actions,
REF: he apologizes for his words and actions

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: In Mompo, Idaho, police are investigating
REF: In Moscow, Idaho, law enforcement is investigating

HYP: Vilee Goncal (18).
REF: and Kaylee GonCalves (21).

HYP: they did not name any person of interest.
REF: but did not name any persons of interest.

HYP: that had a slope.
REF: rolled over a steep embankment.

HYP: to safety equipment.
REF: and other rescue equipment.

HYP: he hopes that all the injured will
REF: Hopefully that all who are injured will make

HYP: fully recovered.
REF: a full recovery.

HYP: The mayor of Kiev, the city of Ukraine, said
REF: The mayor of Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine, said

HYP: He became nationally known in 2020 that
REF: became nationally known in 2020 and 2021 for

HYP: Police response to the 2017 mass shooting at
REF: the law enforcement response to the 2017 mass shooting at

HYP: Donald Trump was endorsed in April.
REF: Donald Trump endorsed him in April.

HYP: won re-election with 55% of the vote.
REF: won re-election with 58% of the vote.

HYP: Mount will be Maine's first Black governor.
REF: Moore will become Maryland's first Black governor.

HYP: Democratic incumbent Governor Michelle Gichung
REF: Democratic incumbent Gov. Michelle Lujan Grisham

HYP: 55 percent of the vote when he began his first full term as governor
REF: 53% of the vote to start her first full term as governor

HYP: has a lead of 51% of the vote.
REF: a comfortable lead with 52% of the vote.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: He was also a singer, passed away on Thursday after
REF: and also a musician, passed away on Thursday after

HYP: killed after a large storm that caused several tornadoes
REF: killed after a large storm system that spawned tornadoes

HYP: the airplanes in the South.
REF: moved across the South.

HYP: Toledo was damaged by a tornado through
REF: Selma itself suffered damage by a tornado that went through

HYP: In Georgia, a 6-year-old girl was killed in a tree fall
REF: In Georgia, a 6-year-old girl was killed when a tree fell

HYP: A school official said Adams suffered heart arrest after
REF: A school official said Anderson "suffered cardiac arrest after

HYP: officer pulled his leg.
REF: his legs were tied up.

HYP: Police said early blood tests show that
REF: Police said preliminary blood tests showed that

HYP: brought in the precipitating scene.
REF: the deeply disturbing tapes that were released..."

HYP: first responders approached others.
REF: shouldn't have been the first responder.

HYP: month and operating a 15-year long tax fraud scheme
REF: last month of running a 15-year tax fraud scheme.

HYP: The fine is $1.2 million.
REF: The fine is $1.6 million.

HYP: would appeal.
REF: and would appeal.

HYP: The Russian Federation said Putin wants to bring down Ukraine's military
REF: The Kremlin said Putin's goal is to demilitarize Ukraine and

HYP: to force Ukraine to be neutral.
REF: force it to become "neutral."

HYP: became legalized to a similar to a 300-lance period.
REF: history becoming a legend about 300 Spartans.

HYP: The Russian military today occupied most of Ukraine
REF: The Russian military has power over most of Ukraine's

HYP: the Black Sea coast.
REF: Black Sea coast.

HYP: occupying one city in Georgia and Russian troops are
REF: They took two cities in the south and Russian forces

HYP: six bombs fired on residential streets
REF: six bombs rained down on a residential street.

HYP: forces and another two million people have left
REF: due to Russian attacks, and another million have left

HYP: and a vacuum bottle called Zizz He.
REF: a news channel called Dozhd.

HYP: Today an man from Alabama, named Jameson,
REF: Today an Alabama man, Joshua James,

HYP: The sentence is 20 years in prison.
REF: The maximum penalty is 20 years in prison,

HYP: And each employee is engaged in criminal plot to
REF: his associates were engaged in a criminal conspiracy

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: The city was hit by two Russian missiles
REF: The city was hit with two Russian missiles

HYP: is very rare to happen.
REF: although it rarely happens.

HYP: Three guards transferred the prisoner out of
REF: the three guards were transferring the inmate out of

HYP: They found the prisoner dead inside the bus.
REF: The man was later found dead inside of the van.

HYP: A school bus with 23 children was caught by the truck
REF: of a school bus with 23 children that was hit by a car

HYP: The truck veered off and seven children
REF: The impact sent the bus on its side and caused seven children

HYP: was hospitalized and some had broken bones and
REF: to be hospitalized, including some with broken bones

HYP: are uncomfortable.
REF: it is distressing.

HYP: riding truck causes serious body injury.
REF: reckless driving causing great bodily harm.

HYP: carrying the gun dangerous.
REF: the shell was dangerous.

HYP: respond to save their families by mistake and were given
REF: they were satisfied that the family made a mistake

HYP: allow the family to proceed on to
REF: and allowed them to board their flight and

HYP: for the next 10 years.
REF: in the next 10 years.

HYP: The family, Sheunty Gazz, was one of the
REF: The family of Nohemi Gonzalez, who was one of those who were

HYP: the "Scrupulousness 220 Communication Act", which
REF: Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act,

HYP: messes up on the internet.
REF: disruption to the internet.

HYP: Central London who operates the train trail derailed
REF: the company behind the freight train that derailed in

HYP: and they would continue to test identical air waters.
REF: would continue to monitor the air and water.

HYP: Some residents are criticizing the federal government
REF: Some residents have criticized the federal and

HYP: the state government said it was not enough to ensure
REF: state governments for not doing enough to make sure

HYP: area of Massachusetts may get about 20 inches of snow.
REF: Parts of Minnesota may get about 20 inches of snow.

HYP: suffered from hot weather.
REF: may face hot weather.

HYP: possible 8 degrees in D.C.
REF: It may be 80 degrees in D.C.

HYP: his work as a repairman.
REF: and worked as a handyman.

HYP: Police said that they got a tip that
REF: Police said they got a tip that Medina was acting strangely and

HYP: people were people crushing on him and
REF: the most injuries" because of stampedes,

HYP: over 66,000 people on February 6.
REF: that killed over 46,000 people on February 6.

HYP: Yesterday several people felt afraid.
REF: Several suffered heart attacks due to fear.

HYP: to kill enough of a magnitude of the 6.4 earthquake
REF: many casualties on the scale of the February 6 earthquakes.

HYP: Russian President Putin gave a speech yesterday in Moscow
REF: Russian President Putin gave an address yesterday in Moscow.

HYP: He said he would suspend a nuclear weapons agreement
REF: He said he would be suspending a nuclear arms treaty with

HYP: President Biden gave a speech in Poland after visiting Ukraine
REF: President Biden gave an address in Poland after visiting Ukraine

HYP: Biden said we need to keep security and
REF: Biden said Ukraine remains free and

HYP: It is March 21.
REF: It is March 21.

HYP: is expected to charge Trump tomorrow in
REF: Trump is expected to be indicted tomorrow in

HYP: increasing security environments.
REF: a heightened security environment.

HYP: A teenager from Illinois visited a ski resort in Colorado
REF: Two teenagers from Illinois who visited a ski resort in Colorado

HYP: The boy was a student at the Presbyterian High School.
REF: The boys were students at Prairie Central High School.

HYP: the gfl team philadelphians.
REF: the NHL team Philadelphia Flyers.

HYP: a lake wading ripping out string lamp bearings before
REF: to a neighbor's lawn and picked up solar-powered lights.

HYP: is today on trial in Utah over a lawsuit from
REF: is on trial in Utah over a lawsuit from

HYP: A retired man named Terry Sanderson, filed
REF: The retired man's name is Terry Sanderson and

HYP: killed him.
REF: having an affair with.

HYP: the hospital declared she had medical death.
REF: She was later declared medically brain dead.

HYP: Police charged Smith with first-degree murder and
REF: Police charged James with first-degree murder and said

HYP: cause a crash.
REF: and the two vehicles collided."

HYP: candidate of Finland and Sweden to join NATO.
REF: the applications of Finland and Sweden to join NATO.

HYP: Axios explained that both Red and McDonald's
REF: Axios explained that both Finland and Sweden had

HYP: Griner was arrested at an airport in Moscow for
REF: Griner was arrested at an airport in Moscow for

HYP: The offer is still in progress.
REF: That offer is still pending.

HYP: Alex Jones, the host of the Infowars,
REF: Alex Jones, the host of Infowars,

HYP: Jones is in court on a lawsuit from
REF: Jones is on trial as a result of a lawsuit brought upon

HYP: Michael Hayl and Sally and Melissa.
REF: Neil Heslin and Scarlett Lewis.

HYP: in the 2011 shooting.
REF: in the 2012 shooting.

HYP: because of the lies.
REF: over his lying.

HYP: told Alishgier that her lawyer accidentally threw
REF: informed Alex Jones that his lawyer accidentally sent

HYP: He can be sentenced to $150 million and more penalties.
REF: He could be hit with $150 million or more in penalties.

HYP: in Louisville, Kentucky.
REF: in Louisville, Kentucky.

HYP: in January.
REF: during a raid.

HYP: fired on him and officers fired on hit Taylor.
REF: shot at them and the officers returned fire and hit Taylor.

HYP: The New York Times said that either officers
REF: The New York Times said neither of the two officers

HYP: were shot and killed to the shooter, have not been charged
REF: who fired the bullets that killed Taylor was ever charged,

HYP: but they were not any in the new accusations.
REF: nor are they named in the new indictments.

HYP: documents used false information to get the search warrant for
REF: in documents they used to get the search warrant of

HYP: Garland said Brenn Taylor should be alive today.
REF: Garland said, "Breonna Taylor should be alive today."

HYP: the first infected with COVID-19 two weeks ago with
REF: Axios explained that when Biden was first infected

HYP: and again on Saturday at
REF: tested negative for the virus.

HYP: back by Craig again.
REF: what is called a "rebound" case.

HYP: and if is matter -
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: Goodgen announced that it was his last season.
REF: Goodman announced that it would be his final season.

HYP: The race is Miley, Mayle,
REF: when they competed: Marlee Matlin, Nyle DiMarco,

HYP: from Jaspen, Texas.
REF: near Jasper, Texas.

HYP: He was the second shooting in the same Iowa, the police said
REF: There was a second shooting in Jasper and police said

HYP: The Jackson School District said it would add police
REF: The Jasper School District said they will have a larger law

HYP: action and would provide advice.
REF: safety and provide counselors.

HYP: convicted of manslaughter in connection with shooting
REF: who was convicted of manslaughter in the shooting

HYP: Wright stopped because the car had
REF: Wright was pulled over because the car he was driving had

HYP: ball falling into the mirror.
REF: hanging in the rearview mirror.

HYP: in his car.
REF: went back in his car.

HYP: He accidentally pulled the gun by
REF: Potter said she accidentally pulled out her gun as

HYP: After Potter was sentenced to 25 months in prison.
REF: Potter was sentenced to 24 months in prison

HYP: and has delays for time service.
REF: but had credit for time served.

HYP: one part of his sentence.
REF: the remaining third of her sentence.

HYP: Many people in Sudan are fleeing to other countries.
REF: Many in Sudan are fleeing to neighboring countries.

HYP: on the peace.
REF: is hoping to achieve peace.

HYP: This happened after Fox News paid $98 million
REF: but this is happening after Fox News paid a $787 million

HYP: gave up.
REF: that he is stunned.

HYP: from CNN's teams.
REF: that nobody from CNN's management told him directly.

HYP: there was a narrow doorway with a stable floor
REF: where there is a narrow alley with a sloped floor,

HYP: Many people seemed to be cramped on
REF: there were dozens of people that appeared to be stacked on

HYP: Most of the victims were adolescents or
REF: Most of the victims were young people that were teenagers or

HYP: Authorities are investigating how the incident happened.
REF: Officials are investigating how this could have happened.

HYP: News reports said while there were many people celebrating
REF: News reports said many people were celebrating

HYP: his home of 9 on Friday by a man with a hammer
REF: his San Francisco home on Friday by a hammer-wielding man

HYP: Paul was shot in the head and underwent surgery
REF: Paul was hit in the head with a hammer and underwent surgery

HYP: Nancy wasn't at home at the time.
REF: Nancy was not at home at the time.

HYP: Donald Trump Jr. tweeted a mocking post that:
REF: Donald Trump Jr. tweeted out a mocking post of

HYP: In Brazil on Sunday during presidential election,
REF: There was a presidential election in Brazil on Sunday

HYP: the most right-wing army in decades.
REF: most right-wing government in decades."

HYP: college and universities which include racial race
REF: whether colleges and universities can include race as

HYP: a one of the qualifications is used to consider potential students.
REF: a factor in whether to accept prospective students.

HYP: Supporters say it helps universities to maintain
REF: Supporters say it helps universities to maintain

HYP: or photographed in its 26 lights or
REF: when the sun is imaged in ultraviolet light

HYP: You may know it's just to be happy Halloween.
REF: Maybe the Sun is just trying to say "Happy Halloween."

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That's all the top stories for today.

HYP: Thank you Renka Dunn for covering top stories last week.
REF: Thank you to Renca Dunn for covering top stories last week.

HYP: President Biden visited the Robb Elementary School
REF: President Biden visited Robb Elementary School in

HYP: the door to confronted that the shooter
REF: a classroom door and confront the shooter

HYP: called 911 to help many police officers near the area.
REF: calling 911 for help and many officers just a few feet away.

HYP: it is easily possible to purchase for
REF: were able to easily and legally purchase

HYP: republican leaders are saying they do not wish to support any
REF: Republican leaders have shown they do not want to support

HYP: during bad weather was found crashed on a mountain.
REF: during bad weather and was later found crashed on a mountainside.

HYP: on Sunday.
REF: on Sunday.

HYP: fake misleading her to make her like doperes
REF: she falsely portrayed him as a domestic abuser

HYP: but Heard filed a lawsuit for $100 million.
REF: Heard has countersued for $100 million.

HYP: the conclusions decision will begin tomorrow and
REF: what verdict they reach beginning tomorrow and

HYP: and will experience physical abuse.
REF: experienced physical abuse.

HYP: went out a drawer and entered inside.
REF: that was only locked from outside.

HYP: and saw two boys locked up daily.
REF: that showed the boy being locked every day.

HYP: including a 6-year-old child.
REF: including a 2-year-old child.

HYP: falsehood and the parents have released a $50,000 bond to
REF: false imprisonment and was later released on a $50,000 bond.

HYP: in Canada.
REF: in Canada.

HYP: In Ottawa city, Canada was controlled by protesters
REF: In Ottawa, the capital of Canada,

HYP: But there are many American conservative political leaders
REF: However, numerous American conservative political figures,

HYP: Thank you for watching "The Daily Moth".
REF: Thank you for watching "The Daily Moth."

HYP: Have a nice weekend and stay with the light.
REF: Have a nice weekend and stay with the light.

HYP: he said the U.S. would not fight against Russia
REF: He said the U.S. would not fight a war against Russia

HYP: in Ukraine.
REF: in Ukraine.

HYP: The Third World War.
REF: World War III.

HYP: This means that Biden will continue to
REF: What this means is that Biden is continuing to take

HYP: an offensive armament shipment into Ukraine,
REF: biochemical weapon suits into Ukraine,

HYP: the invasion of Ukraine;
REF: Russia's invasion of Ukraine,

HYP: that increased in 2019.
REF: production in 2019.

HYP: Some state leaders said it could be reduced
REF: and some state leaders are considering a reduction or

HYP: suspended without state taxes.
REF: a break in state gas taxes.

HYP: South Korea voted a new president
REF: South Korea elected a new president in

HYP: There was a spreading of people panicking in stores buying
REF: There was a wave of panic-buying that caused

HYP: It is not known what the new name is.
REF: It is not known what the new name will be.

HYP: The partnership would make the two to
REF: The merger will make Spirit/Frontier

HYP: over their chairs.
REF: with their guns and flashlights drawn.

HYP: with a gun in his hand.
REF: He had a gun in his hand, and it seemed like he was sleeping.

HYP: many people were trying to rescue slipped down and hundreds of thousands
REF: There was a massive rescue effort with hundreds of

HYP: Donald Trump said wrong that Pence has the right to
REF: Donald Trump was wrong to make claims that Pence had the right

HYP: Trump responded in a statement to repeat his typical claims of
REF: Trump issued a statement in response by repeating his usual

HYP: a truck truck blocking the community,
REF: 18-wheelers that are blocking city streets.

HYP: who pay for a "book deal".
REF: to go to her as a payment for a book deal.

HYP: the judgments that it had already got money
REF: with payments while he had already moved the money

HYP: It is Thursday, July 21.
REF: It is Thursday, July 21.

HYP: and there was bad weather.
REF: There was bad weather in the area at the time.

HYP: When police arrived at the man's home,
REF: When they arrived at the man's house,

HYP: in people in such a situation.
REF: a person in that kind of situation.

HYP: to provide.
REF: to provide them."

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: they showed officers had an AR-15-style rifle
REF: It showed that the officers had AR-15 style rifles

HYP: there was a ballast shield,
REF: and ballistic shields,

HYP: This is against everything against police officers
REF: and against everything that they've learned over

HYP: about it.
REF: and get out.

HYP: exchange uses.
REF: a car repair company -

HYP: FTX has received 150 electric-vehicles from
REF: FedEx received a shipment of 150 electric vans from

HYP: The truck can travel 250 miles after power.
REF: The vehicles can go 250 miles after each charge.

HYP: from Alabama.
REF: and both are from Alabama.

HYP: The one was a 22-year-old former Jewish,
REF: the first one a 22-year-old ex-Marine named

HYP: Phillie Joseph Carnell, Jr., who died at the end of April.
REF: Willy Joseph Cancel Jr, who died in late April.

HYP: the government is only able to help.
REF: the U.S. government's limited ability to help.

HYP: In Colorado, a local fisherman in the Montana River was arrested
REF: In Cambodia, a local fisherman in the Mekong River caught

HYP: a second water-less pot that weighs 602 pounds.
REF: a freshwater stingray that weighed 661 pounds,

HYP: The man notified a group of scientists who worked on
REF: The fisherman alerted a team of scientists who worked in

HYP: The scientists put on stickers on Puerto Rico before
REF: Scientists put a tagging device on the stingray and then

HYP: The gunman was hired a sale fee for
REF: The fisherman was paid the market rate for

HYP: which has a full moon view because of them.
REF: which means full moon, because of its round size.

HYP: The committee said the Justice Department has decided
REF: The committee said the Justice Department determined that

HYP: be counted again to be found 11,780 votes.
REF: recalculate the votes and "find 11,780 votes."

HYP: found no anything signs of fraud.
REF: that they found nothing that showed fraud.

HYP: have with them a VRB card.
REF: passing around a USB drive.

HYP: was afraid for safety.
REF: because she feared for her safety.

HYP: is at very high above aircraft flight,
REF: and that it is above commercial air traffic and

HYP: The Chinese government said it's not a military balloon
REF: The Chinese government said it is a non-military balloon

HYP: President Biden to shoot him.
REF: President Biden shoot it down.

HYP: classified information.
REF: collect sensitive information.

HYP: visit China in the weekend, but it is delayed.
REF: to visit China this weekend, but that trip is now postponed.

HYP: over their account information and
REF: sharing their account information and passwords

HYP: users must connect their monitor dial
REF: subscribers to connect their viewing device -

HYP: The family of a woman who was killed by a gunshot wound
REF: The family of a woman who was decapitated by a gate in

HYP: He was from Wuhan therapy, who is known as
REF: She was from Uganda and was known as

HYP: the summer of 2020 that struck a long-axe fly
REF: the summer of 2020 when a long and narrow metal gate

HYP: by a strong wind blowing through a car
REF: due to strong winds and sliced through their car.

HYP: criminal suit against the National Park.
REF: personal injury claim against the National Park.

HYP: about 3 million.
REF: about $3 million.

HYP: The judge determined 8.5 million for his husband.
REF: The judge decided on $9.5 million for the husband,

HYP: That is far over expected.
REF: which far exceeds expectations.

HYP: the level of over 50 years
REF: the lowest level in over 50 years.

HYP: is the world's oldest ever.
REF: and the world's oldest dog ever.

HYP: Griner was charged with drugging
REF: Griner was charged with drug smuggling,

HYP: he is doubtful whether he will buy Twitter.
REF: to feel skeptical that it will even happen.”

HYP: for 34 years for a employee and was fired last year.
REF: for 24 years for a company before he was fired last year.

HYP: The soldier is 21 years old.
REF: The soldier is 21 years old.

HYP: between Ukrainian military chase and
REF: when they came under fire from Ukrainian forces.

HYP: rape his wife and threaten their children.
REF: raping his wife, and threatening their children.

HYP: by Shireen Abu Allah, the American journalist
REF: Shireen Abu Akleh, the Palestinian American journalist

HYP: kicking the supporters off.
REF: people in a funeral procession.

HYP: four of them, left in the subway.
REF: four things he left at the subway:

HYP: before hitting him.
REF: from the shooting scene.

HYP: a person "observer" last night to
REF: a person of interest last night before

HYP: and that the plan is going to fail.
REF: saying it was "doomed to fail."

HYP: that he has a negative experience with
REF: and that he had negative experiences

HYP: Jackson was arrested seven times in New York and three in New Jersey
REF: Jones had 9 prior arrests in New York and 3 in New Jersey

HYP: So that's what we know about the shooting at the subway.
REF: So, that's what we know now about the subway shooting.

HYP: he really says the true leader.
REF: the "true words of a true leader."

HYP: this could be compared with the canadian truckers protests
REF: The situation is comparable with the Canadian trucker protests

HYP: the type of second-dimensional KYY.
REF: type II myotonic dystrophy,

HYP: that can cause heart condition.
REF: which can cause heart complications.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: He was a PHD student at Washington State University,
REF: he was a PhD student at Washington State University

HYP: Agnes to face four counts of first degree murder.
REF: Idaho to face four counts of first-degree murder.

HYP: he was 93 years.
REF: She was 93.

HYP: Actor Jeremy Renner was injured seriously after
REF: Actor Jeremy Renner was seriously injured in

HYP: On December 11, he posted an image of a truck with snow
REF: On December 12, he posted an image of a snow-covered truck

HYP: Former Pope Benedict Berry Jr. passed away on Saturday night.
REF: The former Pope Benedict XVI passed away on Saturday night.

HYP: Russia's military said 36 Russian soldiers were killed by
REF: Russia's military said 63 of their soldiers were killed by

HYP: Iraq, killing at least one civilian and injuring 20 others.
REF: Kyiv, killing at least one civilian and injuring 20.

HYP: News report said it was an engined in the aircraft engine.
REF: A news report said he was "ingested" into the engine.

HYP: for several hours before returning to normal
REF: several hours and then resumed normal operations

HYP: on Monday night.
REF: on Saturday night.

HYP: passed it.
REF: in a comeback victory.

HYP: 33 seasons.
REF: in his 23rd season.

HYP: Athon, is not known what caused their deaths.
REF: in the Bahamas of unknown causes.

HYP: Houston police's investigation of the deaths.
REF: the Bahamas police investigation into the deaths.

HYP: This is therefore it is now banned to provide transgender
REF: This means that it is now banned to provide a transgender person

HYP: the mountain for the 26th time.
REF: when he scaled the mountain for the 26th time

HYP: In 2019, he climbed for 26 times
REF: In 2019 when he climbed the mountain for the 23rd time,

HYP: if it is official.
REF: if it becomes official,

HYP: It agrees to arrest doctors
REF: that includes calling for the arrest of doctors for

HYP: Here are four updates on the Russia's war in Ukraine.
REF: Here are four updates on Russia's war on Ukraine.

HYP: which is in the eastern part of Ukraine.
REF: in the eastern part of the country.

HYP: There were about 80 civilians hiding in the school
REF: There were about 90 civilians seeking shelter in the school

HYP: shells missile launches.
REF: from shelling.

HYP: punched with red paint skin when visiting graves
REF: red paint by protesters while he was visiting a cemetery

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: A California man who carried weapons was arrested today
REF: A California man carrying weapons was arrested just before

HYP: in Cheryne, Maryland, threatened a desire to
REF: in Chevy Chase, Maryland after he made threats to

HYP: The officer stood in conversation with the officers at
REF: The person made eye contact with the marshals and then

HYP: is carrying a tactical knife,
REF: He had in his possession a tactical knife,

HYP: to their life.
REF: on the internet.

HYP: Recently, he is appealing to the House to
REF: Now after this incident, there are calls for the House

HYP: more than one year.
REF: more than a year.

HYP: City of New Orleans and Eclona,
REF: Aly Raisman, and McKayla Maroney,

HYP: which means it will be removed from the office.
REF: This means he will be removed from office.

HYP: was elected in 2019 and a platform forerun
REF: He was elected in 2019 on a progressive platform in

HYP: This morning in Berlin, a young man drove his car into
REF: This morning in Berlin, Germany, a young man drove his car into

HYP: when they were arrested.
REF: a police officer made an arrest.

HYP: but law enforcement were trying to determine
REF: Law enforcement are now trying to determine

HYP: the man intentionally ran over them or
REF: whether the man intentionally plowed his car into people or

HYP: in in Beijing.
REF: who lived in Berlin.

HYP: such as Paul Michels, and Kaitan Johnson,
REF: such as Phil Mickelson, Dustin Johnson,

HYP: Bryton Dechanr, and Suthich Gage.
REF: Bryson DeChambeau, and Sergio Garcia.

HYP: It was controversial because of its support of
REF: The league is controversial because it is backed by

HYP: It is also controversial because the PGA 18 in
REF: It is also controversial because the PGA Tour in

HYP: being in the league.
REF: who are joining the league.

HYP: Tiger Woods said it is offering a very high level and
REF: Tiger Woods was offered a very high amount,

HYP: Donald Trump, Bryane on July 30,
REF: Donald Trump - Bedminster on July 31

HYP: warned the judges to say the judgments that
REF: warned those joining LIV Golf that decisions

HYP: go by the right way".
REF: going the right way."

HYP: It is Monday, August 29.
REF: It is Monday, August 29.

HYP: Ready for today's news?
REF: Ready for today's news?

HYP: because of problems with two rocket four-pin motors.
REF: due to issues with one of the rocket's four engines.

HYP: during the Jan. 6 attack on the Capitol.
REF: during the Jan 6. attack on the Capitol.

HYP: When police officers arrived, they found the gunman shot
REF: Police officers saw the gunman and opened fire,

HYP: The Buffalo Bills released their quarterback Matt Amatas
REF: The Buffalo Bills released their punter Matt Araiza,

HYP: will charge criminal charges.
REF: if they would file criminal charges.

HYP: Mead accused Pones of mixing his MRNA technology
REF: Moderna accused Pfizer of copying their mRNA technology

HYP: result of the revenues of Pepes's profits.
REF: to get a percentage of Pfizer's profits.

HYP: killed two people.
REF: and killed two people.

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: at the time of signing this news,
REF: At the time of signing this news,

HYP: A police officer said they hope to see die,
REF: A sheriff said he expects there to be fatalities

HYP: A hospital in Pennsylvania's Charlottesville, North Virginia,
REF: A hospital in Port Charlotte, which is north of Fort Myers,

HYP: severe damage to a roadway.
REF: due to severe damage to a causeway.

HYP: on Florida's eastern side.
REF: on Florida's eastern side.

HYP: The 61-year-old is named Samuel OECH.
REF: a 42-year-old man named Tammel Esco.

HYP: On Tuesday, Eern was pleaded guilty to first degree assault
REF: On Tuesday, Esco pleaded guilty to first-degree assault as

HYP: the exact cause of death is being investigated.
REF: The cause of death is under investigation.

HYP: Carroll won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Act of 1996 in
REF: Coolio won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance in 1996

HYP: died after falling from a mountain peak in Naples.
REF: dead after falling from Mount Manaslu in Nepal.

HYP: He had just recently climbed on the top of the mountain,
REF: She had completed climbing the mountain and

HYP: A search for a day found her body.
REF: There was a two-day search for her before her body was found.

HYP: Serena is a mother of two children, who lives in Colorado.
REF: Nelson was a mother of two and lived in Colorado.

HYP: was killed.
REF: for dating his ex-girlfriend - that man was killed.

HYP: The deputy walked to the car
REF: The officer walked up to the vehicle,

HYP: but it was dismissed.
REF: but the charge was dismissed.

HYP: for Brooks's charges will be raised to murder.
REF: then Brennand’s charges will be elevated to murder.

HYP: "arpers", that the storms purposefully struck
REF: an asteroid that they intentionally hit

HYP: NASA said the asteroid is DiMophos,
REF: NASA said the asteroid they hit, Dimorphos,

HYP: It normally moves it took 11 hours 55 minutes to
REF: the orbit took 11 hours and 55 minutes.

HYP: That's 31 minutes change.
REF: which is a 32-minute change.

HYP: Scientists can push off change.
REF: scientists have a way of pushing it off course.”

HYP: three school staff in 2018.
REF: three school staff members in 2018.

HYP: If they recommend the death penalty,
REF: If the death penalty is recommended,

HYP: Judge,Elizabeth Schermer, will make her final decision
REF: Judge Elizabeth Scherer will make the final decision

HYP: He was charged with misdemeanor assault
REF: was charged with misdemeanor assault

HYP: As he walked out a tunnel truck an MSO worker had
REF: was walking towards a tunnel, a media worker carrying

HYP: Anderson was one push tightly and pushed the worker
REF: Adams made one hard push and the worker

HYP: because it may have been a concussion.
REF: a possible minor concussion.

HYP: energy supply areas of the
REF: the energy infrastructure partly because

HYP: appeared in television talk show and won five Tony Awards.
REF: appeared in Broadway musicals, winning five Tony Awards.

HYP: Beer prices have risen by almost 40%.
REF: Egg prices are up almost 40%.

HYP: She was 76.
REF: He was 76.

HYP: Ellie was in a legal team as a representative to protect
REF: Later in Starr's life, he was a part of legal defense teams

HYP: a Chinese football team.
REF: members of the football team.

HYP: Suttall served was companion and coach to four current
REF: Starr was a mentor and boss to two current

HYP: Coleman of an election staffer named Tina Piers.
REF: a Colorado election clerk named Tina Peters.

HYP: Peter Lopes, a teenage girl in Iowa was imprisoned
REF: Pieper Lewis is a teenage girl in Iowa who was jailed for

HYP: AP News explained that Lewis was 15 years old
REF: AP News explained that Lewis was 15 years old

HYP: while she slept in a apartment building in Denver.
REF: She slept in a Des Moines apartment building.

HYP: Police said Brooks was asleep at the time
REF: Law enforcement said Brooks was asleep at the time

HYP: that Lewis isn't complying with other regulations in youth jail
REF: The judge said Lewis did not follow all the rules in juvenile

HYP: There are disputes between Flight rail companies and
REF: There is a dispute between freight railroad companies

HYP: business and the US energy supply
REF: to get to work and the nation's supply of energy

HYP: of water.
REF: and drinking water.

HYP: Railway workers said they are very sad because
REF: Some railroad workers say they are suffering

HYP: Amtrak canceled several American trains expected
REF: Amtrak canceled several cross-country trains in

HYP: Zelenskyy watched the Ukrainian flag in
REF: Zelenskyy oversaw the raising of Ukraine's flag

HYP: News reports say military experts on Russian are working
REF: News reports said military experts on Russian TV have

HYP: The earthquake caused damage in the Hubland County.
REF: The earthquake caused damage in Humboldt County

HYP: and an older person who broke a leg.
REF: and an older person who sustained a broken hip.

HYP: A survivor said her home was rocking
REF: A resident said his home shook and shook and

HYP: Officials said survivors should be prepared for
REF: Officials said residents should be prepared for further

HYP: His name is Ivon GarFuchcher.
REF: Her name is Irmgard Furchner.

HYP: the Stephof Constabulary in northern Germany.
REF: the Stutthof concentration camp in northern Germany.

HYP: It will be snowfall in Western while in parts of
REF: There will be heavy snowfall in the West while in the Mid-South

HYP: ice wind will be strong winds.
REF: high winds on the East Coast.

HYP: Police said he entered Denier's home at about 2: 35 a.m.
REF: Police said she entered De Niro's home at 2:45 a.m.

HYP: on Monday morning.
REF: on Monday.

HYP: Police said they've been following
REF: Police said they were already following her

HYP: Police said they didn't realize he was at his home until
REF: Police said they didn't realize it was his house

HYP: a Covered Security Financial Protection
REF: the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

HYP: The CCPA said that Carl's illegal actions caused
REF: The CFPB said "The bank's illegal conduct led to

HYP: charge and the alleged that contractores handle
REF: election officials and that a county contractor who handles

HYP: 9 Floris, Florida and have vowed to continue
REF: in Fort Myers, Florida to pledge that they would continue to

HYP: At least 89 people have been killed.
REF: now at least 89 people.

HYP: A former police officer who shot a mass shooting
REF: a former police officer carried out a mass shooting

HYP: Reuters reported that the gunman was at court
REF: Reuters reported that the gunman was in court earlier

HYP: for 8.9 gallon.
REF: $3.86 a gallon.

HYP: has increased demand.
REF: and increased demand.

HYP: about 2 million barrels a day,
REF: about 2 million barrels a day.

HYP: bear bears who visited the brook river in the Canyon National Park
REF: brown bears who visit the Brooks River in Katmai National Park

HYP: a head game.
REF: in various head-to-head matchups.

HYP: voted by three on the bus to
REF: Votes are done by clicking on a link and

HYP: AP News reported that DC voters on Tuesday voted
REF: AP News reported that Kansas voters on Tuesday showed

HYP: NASA displayed images of of Caghwell on Global Sky,
REF: NASA shared a photograph of the Cartwheel Galaxy

HYP: collided between the great space galaxy
REF: between a large spiral galaxy

HYP: light and a smaller year than one can see
REF: and a smaller galaxy not visible in the image.

HYP: that are anti-allied with China.
REF: that opposes unification with China.

HYP: He was reelected in 2020.
REF: She was re-elected in 2020.

HYP: shot after he entered the store.
REF: after he entered the store.

HYP: The District Attorney's office said
REF: The district attorney’s office said

HYP: any unborn fetal with an detection of human heart beat
REF: — “any unborn child with a detectable human heartbeat” —

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: Jackson, who is the state government.
REF: Jackson is the state capital.

HYP: News video videos show that dangerous
REF: News videos show extremely dangerous,

HYP: stormwater flows flowing through the city.
REF: raging storm waters rushing through towns.

HYP: one of the major cause of flooding.
REF: one of the catalysts of the flooding.

HYP: Any place to be established for the plant is in Ohio
REF: A potential location for the plant is in Ohio

HYP: Ohio Gov. Devonite said he's working with Howard
REF: Ohio Gov. DeWine said he is working with Honda

HYP: he was infected anemia and
REF: the person was severely immunocompromised

HYP: in U.S. in the past.
REF: the U.S. since spring.

HYP: but the monkey died yet.
REF: from monkeypox.

HYP: The Biden administration has released
REF: The Biden administration has been rolling out

HYP: BBC reported that Black Americans at
REF: BET explained that Black Americans are

HYP: increase than the public in unromantic deviance.
REF: outpacing the general population in adopting a vegan diet.

HYP: Scientists studying the Greenland's ice shelf
REF: Scientists studying Greenland's ice sheet said

HYP: the float of molten material,
REF: balancing out what's melting on the edges.

HYP: the only underground, which will be 37 feet deep,
REF: only over the United States, would be 37 feet deep.

HYP: information and environment.
REF: the economy, and the environment.

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: It is Wednesday, September 30.
REF: It is Friday, September 30.

HYP: by Hurricane Ian.
REF: by Hurricane Ian.

HYP: Andana County, who were on an ventilator died
REF: Sarasota County who relied on oxygen machines died

HYP: the water was rising through before first responders arrived
REF: Water levels rose over him before first responders could

HYP: Florida Governor DeSantis said
REF: Florida Gov. DeSantis said

HYP: We plan to mount U-vehicles with representatives from
REF: The plan is to send RVs out with representatives of

HYP: Hurricane Ian reaches Georgia South Carolina at
REF: Hurricane Ian hit Georgetown, South Carolina today as

HYP: Leigh's family reported her missing on Monday.
REF: The landlord's family reported him missing on Monday and

HYP: Tara is from South Africa and was to stand-up to
REF: Noah is a South African and was a stand-up comedian before

HYP: which is the highest number in 13 years
REF: That is the highest number in 15 years.

HYP: which will slow down spending and inflation down.
REF: loans, which would cool spending and slow down inflation.

HYP: an announcement to the world.
REF: it was announced to the world.

HYP: Putin said the involvement is finished and we will
REF: Putin said the annexations are "final" and that "we shall

HYP: "protect our Russian soil with full means to us".
REF: defend our territory with all means available to us."

HYP: an attack on Russian soil.
REF: an attack on Russian soil.

HYP: was in a hospital.
REF: in a hospital.

HYP: officers punched at the guy.
REF: officers punched him in the face.

HYP: In some of the videos he threw Smith from his car
REF: He was seen in the videos pulling Nichols from his car

HYP: The investigation is ongoing.
REF: that their investigation is ongoing.

HYP: and was at Nancy's wife.
REF: Where's Nancy?

HYP: Police officers squeezed the SUV,
REF: The officers quickly swarm on DePape and

HYP: Phillip was lying down on the floor.
REF: Paul is seen lying on the floor.

HYP: He will have a court appearance in about a month to decide details
REF: He will have a court appearance in about a month to set a date

HYP: a judge.
REF: for his trial.

HYP: Hamlin said he is very good to the fans and
REF: Hamlin said he is "so thankful" to fans and

HYP: to his medical team.
REF: to his medical team.

HYP: shooting at the farm and a secondary.
REF: going on a shooting rampage at the farm and at a second farm.

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: baskets for thousands of people to
REF: during baptism ceremonies for thousands of people over

HYP: The risk's name is Andrew Tataga.
REF: The priest's name is Andres Arango.

HYP: the one weighted father-son.
REF: in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit,

HYP: he prays him and we represent the community.
REF: Christ Jesus, while "we" is a representation of a community.

HYP: but is also ineligible.
REF: to be considered invalid.

HYP: to relieve families that were affected by his mistakes.
REF: help and heal families who were affected by this error.

HYP: airport's exit, about 20 minutes after the flight.
REF: a plane door about 20 minutes after takeoff.

HYP: later was arrested.
REF: was later arrested.

HYP: it can hear the windscreams of wind,
REF: passengers could hear the screeching of the wind

HYP: Federal prosecutors said the man, Michael F. Rennan,
REF: Federal prosecutors said the man, Michael B. Demarre,

HYP: was able to film and to give expression to his thoughts
REF: passengers would film him so he could share his thoughts

HYP: with Covid-19 vaccines.
REF: on the Covid-19 vaccine.

HYP: Police said they got a call to him at the head and
REF: Police said they received a tip about a home and

HYP: The parents were caught and charged with
REF: The biological parents were arrested and charged with

HYP: a body removed by a shark.
REF: half a body was taken by a shark.

HYP: McConnell said he would return in April and
REF: said it would return this April and that

HYP: The festival usually gathers about 250,000 people.
REF: The festival usually attracts about 250,000 people.

HYP: He last told President Biden to make
REF: He closed his speech by telling President Biden to become

HYP: the leaders of the world and the peace.
REF: the leader of the world and the leader of peace.

HYP: It is not known who the victims or lives were.
REF: it is not yet known their fate.

HYP: Russia is depleting their military equipment
REF: Russia is using up its military resources and

HYP: fires at an airport.
REF: burning up on an airport.

HYP: U.S. President Biden announced he would provide $700 million
REF: U.S. President Biden announced he is providing $800 million in

HYP: simply as to have lost the election.
REF: and that they simply lost the election.

HYP: The bill was supported by Sen. Marco Rudy (Florida),
REF: The bill, sponsored by Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL),

HYP: If the House and President Biden support,
REF: If the House and President Biden supports it,

HYP: Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago which includes information about
REF: from Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago home included information on

HYP: News analysts said only eight countries
REF: News analysts said there are only nine countries in

HYP: in a country crime".
REF: in a "country club."

HYP: with his family.
REF: She was traveling with her family.

HYP: the was a 32-year-old doctor who was lost
REF: The person was a 32-year-old doctor who got lost

HYP: was wandering with a friend and lost the water.
REF: while hiking with his friends and ran out of water.

HYP: they recommended the hikers in the Ice Cane
REF: do not recommend hiking in the inner canyon

HYP: today to reveal their official White House hallway.
REF: today for the unveiling of their official White House portraits.

HYP: is not traditional of presidents and holds
REF: It is a tradition for presidents to host

HYP: and show a celebration for their previous presidents,
REF: a portrait unveiling ceremony for their predecessor,

HYP: he honored for Trump.
REF: a ceremony for the Obamas.

HYP: When he was president,
REF: When Obama was president,

HYP: He said that Barak helped him to prepare to take the presidency.
REF: He said Barack helped him to be prepared to be president.

HYP: Officials believe that Russia will continue to buy weapons at
REF: Officials believe Russia will continue to purchase weapons

HYP: but Nancy wasn't at home at the entry.
REF: Nancy was not at home at the time.

HYP: an emergency call to help, they saw DePape punch
REF: receiving an emergency 911 call for help and saw DePape strike

HYP: The officers did not recognize it until the officers considered
REF: but officers did not notice the incident until they realized

HYP: NBC Valley Area contacted with DePape's coach.
REF: NBC News Bay Area interviewed with DePape's boss,

HYP: mental illness symptom and that he said to
REF: signs of mental illness and would talk about

HYP: that hits close to the sea border with South Korea that
REF: landing close to its sea border with South Korea and about

HYP: responded to Korean military launches to
REF: In response, South Korea's military launched missiles

HYP: it shows that North Korea has been secretly
REF: they have evidence that North Korea has been secretly

HYP: and his war on Ukraine.
REF: its war in Ukraine.

HYP: medical clinics they handle for
REF: how its pharmacies handled prescriptions for

HYP: in the London cities.
REF: Native American tribes.

HYP: The NFL squad is worth about $5.6 billion.
REF: The NFL franchise is valued at $5.6 billion.

HYP: Prosecutors in Jefferson County, Iowa said
REF: Prosecutors in Jefferson County, Iowa said

HYP: Jeremy Gearler.
REF: and Jeremy Goodale.

HYP: who are accused of killing teacher Nathan Germer last November
REF: They are accused of murdering Nohema Graber last November

HYP: of cooling inflation.
REF: cool down inflation.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: Many people in the Brewster College community
REF: Many in the Bridgewater College community

HYP: Johnson was at the J.O.S. Match the best man this year as well.
REF: “John was J.J.’s best man in his wedding this year.”

HYP: ABC News said it is suspending the "Show George" host
REF: ABC News said it would suspend “The View” host Whoopi Goldberg

HYP: Rexty made this statement during a conversation
REF: Whoopi made the remarks as a part of a discussion

HYP: Ripster, Wilson apologized in the days
REF: towards Whoopi, who apologized the next day

HYP: Tuesday said he made a mistake and that he understands that
REF: to say that she “stands corrected” and understands that it is

HYP: President Biden announced he approved to send
REF: President Biden announced he approved the deployment

HYP: They will become a member of NATO,
REF: becomes a NATO member,

HYP: Ukraine could use NATO military equipment to cut the Crimea.
REF: it could use NATO military resources to take back Crimea.

HYP: because of arranging for about two weeks.
REF: to fit everything within the approximate two-week schedule.

HYP: The U.S. women's male team defeated Australia 6-4
REF: The U.S. Mixed Doubles curling team defeated Australia 6-5.

HYP: Bill Billuc was promised that,
REF: and he asked Bill Belichick to confirm that he was texting him,

HYP: is required to interview at least one minor
REF: to interview at least one minority candidate

HYP: they want to codify the law required.
REF: so they could check off that requirement.

HYP: Biden said he knew he was only not experiencing
REF: Flores said he knows he’s not the only one that has experienced

HYP: because the Bills rules are not used in a proper way.
REF: the Rooney Rule being misused.

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That’s all the top stories for today.

HYP: It is Thursday, December 1.
REF: It is Thursday, December 1.

HYP: Gas oil is $3.74.
REF: a gallon of gasoline is $3.47.

HYP: Axios said it is lower than prices of gas before
REF: Axios said that's below the prices of gas before

HYP: The Russian invasion of Ukraine which caused energy price gas
REF: Russia invaded Ukraine, which caused energy prices

HYP: a goal to expand a team by 2026, but was delayed
REF: a goal of expansion to 2026, but they moved it back

HYP: The committee will meet today to discuss their next steps.
REF: The committee will meet today to discuss their next steps.

HYP: a follow-up investigation, but he never did go through
REF: his audit was over, but he never followed through

HYP: an accounting that collapsed in ruin and had given
REF: FTX recently collapsed and filed for bankruptcy gave

HYP: FTX had worth $33 billion to this.
REF: FTX was once valued at $32 billion but that's gone.

HYP: Many people lost all their investment in cryptocurrencies.
REF: Many people lost their entire investments in cryptocurrency.

HYP: Jones is 80 years old.
REF: Jones is now 80.

HYP: did not realize that this was a important situation
REF: who "didn't know at the time the monumental event

HYP: Last night NBA star LeBron James criticized the movers said
REF: Last night NBA star LeBron James called out members of the media

HYP: in the U.S.
REF: in the U.S.

HYP: will provide updates on the situation.
REF: I'll provide an update on where we are with

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: nonprofits trader who moves
REF: an inline speedskater, which uses a type of rollerblades

HYP: through the street.
REF: from roads leading to the bridge.

HYP: A big conflict with the Ukrainian border is still going on.
REF: The crisis at the Ukraine border is still lingering.

HYP: near the border.
REF: near the border.

HYP: The Pallets and his team's team won a team racing tournament last week
REF: Valieva and her ROC teammates won the team skating event last

HYP: because of a threat to a U.S. investigator working in
REF: due to a threat made against a U.S. inspector in

HYP: among vaccine groups.
REF: by rival drug cartels.

HYP: On Sunday, Russian missile attacks
REF: On Sunday, there was a Russian missile strike

HYP: on a military base in western Ukraine,
REF: that hit a military base in western Ukraine

HYP: the same.
REF: being hit.

HYP: There is a video of the mother that was laid
REF: The mother was seen on photos and videos being carried away

HYP: whofa Elaph lived.
REF: the thigh and survived.

HYP: China has ordered about 50 million people to
REF: China has ordered about 50 million people to go into

HYP: same homes in Jiaopian and two large towns
REF: lockdown in the Jilin province and two large cities,

HYP: to live with Covid-19 crises.
REF: to "living with the virus."

HYP: Police said they saw a furnace on and victims inside.
REF: when they saw a tent on fire with a victim inside

HYP: on March 12, in New York City, police issued two separate
REF: On March 12 in New York City, police responded to two separate

HYP: the Lwlon season in Tampa.
REF: his 23rd season in Tampa.

HYP: Barney said last night that the two months she was considering
REF: Brady said, "These past two months I've realized

HYP: this model for health and be all for it.
REF: This is a season for healing and I'm here for it.

HYP: the waiver and would consider possible actions and consequences.
REF: the incident and will explore further action and consequences.

HYP: She will give performances in Boston on Wednesday night
REF: He will give a performance in Boston on Wednesday night

HYP: the earnings for up to two years.
REF: the assistant's salary for up to two years.

HYP: oppress the greatest native people in the world.
REF: the larger Native American population nationwide.

HYP: Two indigenous human rights organizations filed a class action
REF: Two Indigenous rights organizations filed class action

HYP: the Capitol and forced members of Congress to evacuate.
REF: the Capitol and forced members of Congress to evacuate.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: News reports said the prop gun was manipulated.
REF: but news reports said the prop gun was modified.

HYP: surrendered himself to police in the Tampa area.
REF: when he turned himself into police in the Tampa area.

HYP: CNN explained that in December, he was charged with assault
REF: CNN explained that in December, he was charged with assault

HYP: Residents of the street said Sinckley moved her home just a few weeks ago
REF: Neighbors said Singletary moved into his house only a few weeks

HYP: On Thursday at the Austin International Airport
REF: On Thursday at the Austin-Bergstrom International

HYP: Austin police said the employee was driving
REF: Austin police said the employee was driving

HYP: Ianye was seriously injured.
REF: at the scene.

HYP: He was employed for American Airlines,
REF: The employee worked for American Airlines.

HYP: was hit several times in the head.
REF: she was stabbed multiple times in the head.

HYP: He told the police that he stabbed the Asian woman
REF: She told police that she attacked the Asian woman

HYP: A Russian military plane accidentally dropped
REF: A Russian fighter jet accidentally bombed

HYP: at John found at his home.
REF: and the second at his home.

HYP: The gunman,Corn Stuart,bought his AR-15 style rifle
REF: The shooter, Connor Sturgeon, purchased his AR-15-style rifle

HYP: his performing of the Super Bowl Payback show became viral
REF: who signed the Super Bowl halftime show and went viral.

HYP: wearing a red sweatshirt.
REF: wearing a red and white dress.

HYP: After playing the show,
REF: She said after the halftime performance,

HYP: His phone in and he got to make comments from
REF: she saw her phone blow up and she got messages from

HYP: such as Dallas and Rio.
REF: Lil'Kim and Rihanna herself.

HYP: Merck said he is currently doing research to
REF: Miles said she is currently studying to be

HYP: medical corporations at the University of London
REF: her own nursing practice at Gallaudet University

HYP: they wanted to see more deaf people.
REF: so that there can be more Deaf nurses.

HYP: That's the two Deaf News briefings for today.
REF: That's the two Deaf News briefs for today.

HYP: spoke up congress across the night in
REF: an inspiring address before Congress last night in

HYP: the Capitol to thank Americans to help their country continue
REF: the Capitol to thank Americans for helping his country

HYP: He predicted that next year will
REF: He predicted that the next year would be

HYP: Ukrainian troops are fighting in the front lines in regions
REF: Ukrainian troops fighting in front-line regions in

HYP: is in D.C. for less than 10 hours.
REF: He was in D.C. for less than 10 hours.

HYP: FTX founder Sam Bank-Fried has been delivered to
REF: FTX founder Sam Bankman-Fried was extradited to

HYP: the U.S. last night faced criminal charges of
REF: the U.S. last night to face criminal fraud charges for

HYP: Federal prosecutors leading the case Tanan Williams.
REF: The federal prosecutor leading the case is Damian Williams.

HYP: One of Taylor's coworkers, Cady Ellison and Gary Wong, has
REF: Two of Sam's colleagues, Caroline Ellison and Gary Wang,

HYP: In Cherokee, Wyoming, temperature from
REF: In Cheyenne, Wyoming, temperatures plunged from

HYP: that causes a decrease in life expectancy.
REF: contributed to the drop in life expectancy.

HYP: for its Sunday Ticket subscription package.
REF: for its Sunday Ticket subscription package.

HYP: beginning with the next season.
REF: It will begin next season.

HYP: Sunday Ticket Package, which provides oil fans
REF: The Sunday Ticket package provides NFL fans with

HYP: to watch any games across the country.
REF: an opportunity to view any game in the nation.

HYP: It is not currently known how much YouTubeK will charge
REF: It is not known how much YouTube TV will charge

HYP: The area is 270 acres.
REF: The site is 292 acres.

HYP: In separate news, Netflix said Netflix plans to become harsh
REF: In separate news, a news report said Netflix plans to crack down

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: in South Carolina.
REF: in South Carolina.

HYP: another session or to nominate a challenge to
REF: get another term or vote for her challenger,

HYP: Former President Donald Trump on the Jan. 6 committee.
REF: former president Donald Trump on the Jan 6. Committee.

HYP: He will host a special event the next month which hosted by
REF: There will be a special event next month hosted by

HYP: the search warrant and land seals,
REF: the search warrant and property receipt,

HYP: is separate from terrorist,
REF: which is a separate thing from the affidavit.

HYP: impunity act, impediment to justice,
REF: of the Espionage Act, obstruction of justice,

HYP: that they did not have wrong.
REF: so he didn't do anything wrong.

HYP: order 20 superfast airliners that would be produced by
REF: an order of 20 supersonic jets that will be made by

HYP: The company is called BONOSupert.
REF: a company called Boom Supersonic.

HYP: BOF said their planes could travel at about 1,300 mph.
REF: Boom said their jets can fly at about 1,300 mph,

HYP: aircraft could carry between 400 and 80 people.
REF: The planes can carry 65 to 80 passengers and

HYP: AP News explained that nearly 20 years of
REF: AP News explained that it has been almost 20 years since

HYP: Democratic lawmakers and Congressmen see it as a win.
REF: The law is considered a victory for Democratic lawmakers.

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: potential mistaken handling of classified information has to
REF: the potential mishandling of classified information will have

HYP: Dominion will be examining all the documents,
REF: Dearie will look through all the documents,

HYP: Two of the victims were tourists from Arizona,
REF: Two of the victims were tourists from Arizona,

HYP: GPG reported on men who made legal abortions
REF: GQ wrote a feature on men who choose to undergo leg

HYP: prior to surgery to advance between 3 to 6 inches
REF: lengthening surgery to grow between three to six inches

HYP: HPE said there is a growing number of men
REF: GQ said there is a "growing number of men"

HYP: If you are interested in the surgery,
REF: If you're curious about the surgery,

HYP: There are some spreading falsehoods online
REF: There have been some false claims spreading online

HYP: transgender individuals and their families earn
REF: and transgender individuals and their families deserve

HYP: The Ukrainian government has vowed to hold Russia to account
REF: The Ukrainian government has vowed to hold Russia accountable

HYP: The shirt is more popular because of a documentary,
REF: The jersey was made more popular by the documentary series,

HYP: The news said he was in line about 2 o'clock and
REF: News reports said he joined the queue at about 2 a.m. and

HYP: lasted for over 10 hours.
REF: walked in the line for over 10 hours.

HYP: The U.K. will continue mourning
REF: The U.K. will continue to mourn the Queen

HYP: That's all the top stories for this week.
REF: That is all the top stories for this week.

HYP: Russia's building is owned by the Drekov Bridge.
REF: to the Russian-built and owned Kerch bridge

HYP: Matthew Atini, who died while in police custody
REF: Mahsa Amini, who died while in police custody.

HYP: tried to suppress the protests.
REF: an attempt to suppress the protests.

HYP: A mother's friend said that the family owned
REF: A friend of the mother said the family owned

HYP: did not violence.
REF: any violent incidents.

HYP: the film back to the three future films.
REF: the "Back to the Future" trilogy,

HYP: Ille's portrayal of the Dr. Eric Browns.
REF: Lloyd's portrayal of Dr. Emmett Brown.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: Some houses in beaches in WylleyZone fell in
REF: Some beachfront homes in Wilbur-by-the-Sea collapsed into

HYP: Weather forecasters say the storm is
REF: Weather forecasters said the storm,

HYP: tropical storm will lead to heavy rain,
REF: which is now a tropical storm, will bring heavy downpours,

HYP: Anderson LaGalle, led by about 15,000 votes.
REF: Adam Laxalt by about 15,000 votes.

HYP: A county in Nevada said it received 18,000 mail
REF: One county in Nevada said they received 18,000 mail-in

HYP: A viral video is showing her beating her
REF: a viral video showed her assaulting and

HYP: Kyle worked as a platform clerk who said that he noticed
REF: Kylah worked as a desk clerk and said when she noticed that

HYP: became angry beating and racist slurs.
REF: Sophia started to punch and kick her while hurling racial slurs.

HYP: Later he was arrested Stephen and charged with
REF: Sophia was arrested and charged with

HYP: and Tracy Coles.
REF: and disorderly conduct.

HYP: she saw her walking on a sidewalk and
REF: cops observed him walking on a crosswalk

HYP: all the eight people on board.
REF: killing all seven onboard.

HYP: of Inland.
REF: in Indonesia.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: The Secretary of Defense Austin said
REF: The Secretary of Defense Austin said

HYP: straits in Eastern Syria but there was no damage
REF: a U.S. base in eastern Syria, but there was no damage

HYP: CBS News said Evan Corman, an attorney for Donald Trump has
REF: CBS News said Evan Corcoran, an attorney for Donald Trump,

HYP: Errickton faced up to a gun order,
REF: Corcoran did appear before a grand jury before

HYP: In separate news, Trump posted on
REF: In separate news, Trump posted a warning on

HYP: He posted a link that had a picture of Trump making
REF: He also posted a link that showed an image of Trump holding

HYP: Breppie when she was traveling at 14 years
REF: Fucci was 14 at the time of the attack,

HYP: The judge said he thinks this case is the most difficult
REF: The judge said he thinks this case is the most difficult

HYP: lost in the terrace of Titan Island's laser
REF: got lost in the Staten Island sewer system.

HYP: the city of South Korea, the city of Sel
REF: South Korea, Seoul.

HYP: jumping on social media as they were packed with cars
REF: It went viral on social media because it walked among cars

HYP: Wildlife officials said the cub is a boy named Stare
REF: Zoo officials said the Zebra, a male named Sero,

HYP: 3-year-old and that he became mature because
REF: is three years old and became lonely after both of his parents

HYP: two and that they plan to put a woman's
REF: The zoo plans to introduce a female zebra soon to

HYP: the most famous NBA player in history,
REF: the greatest NBA players in history,

HYP: at 98 years old and died with his wife.
REF: He was 88 and died with his wife at his side.

HYP: Bill is a pioneer as a player as champion
REF: Bill Russell was a pioneer - as a player, as a champion,
0040727-2022.8.1.mp4	6.458	as the NBA's first Black head coach and as an activist.

HYP: in the last years, have been seen Rossell during the NBA Finals
REF: In recent years Russell was often seen during the NBA Finals

HYP: a 17-year-old boy from Minnesota died.
REF: a 17-year-old boy from Minnesota, died.

HYP: Kentucky Governor Beshear said
REF: Kentucky Gov. Beshear said

HYP: The victims included four brothers and sisters Kennay,
REF: The victims include four siblings from Knott County

HYP: by strong water.
REF: but the force of the water washed them away.

HYP: because bridges were broken.
REF: due to bridges that have been washed away.

HYP: Firefighters are fighting to hope to prevent
REF: Crews are now battling the fires and hoping to prevent them from

HYP: on Tuesday.
REF: on Saturday.

HYP: a record huge profit to record gas prices
REF: record massive profits thanks to record gasoline prices

HYP: to Ukraine.
REF: of Ukraine.

HYP: It is Monday, January 16, which is Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
REF: It is Monday, January 16, which is Martin Luther King Jr. Day.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: President Biden visited the Evertise Baptist Church
REF: President Biden visited the Ebenezer Baptist Church

HYP: at and was at Sunday morning.
REF: a pastor, on Sunday morning.

HYP: made his first current sitting president.
REF: He became the first sitting president to deliver a sermon.

HYP: went to the church.
REF: He went to the church at the invitation of

HYP: Biden said we should go look to America
REF: Biden said we should hold up a mirror to America and

HYP: Miss U.S.A. Bunty Garbely, from Texas
REF: Miss USA R'Bonney Gabriel, who is from Texas,

HYP: A Georgia University football and a team employee were killed
REF: A University of Georgia football player and a team staffer were

HYP: and darkness Black.
REF: flames before going black.

HYP: One person from Australia, one cat from France and one from France.
REF: one person each from Australia, Argentina, France and Ireland.

HYP: His name was David Carrick.
REF: His name is David Carrick.

HYP: The Mempton Police Department apologized for failure
REF: The Metropolitan Police apologized for failing to

HYP: how she continued to abuse her position.
REF: about how he was able to abuse his position.

HYP: Biden's lawyers said the documents were immediately
REF: Biden's lawyers said the documents were

HYP: to get their army.
REF: to come and serve in its military.

HYP: The Biden administration continues to call on Ukraine to
REF: The Biden administration is continuing to send Ukraine

HYP: which includes an HIMAR system that can launch to
REF: which includes HIMARS systems that can precisely

HYP: a Republican for Senate seat in Georgia, who pulled a woman
REF: a Republican for a Senate seat in Georgia, paid a woman

HYP: and pay a $600 personal check from Walker.
REF: that showed a signed $700 personal check from Walker.

HYP: This is a big deal because Walker has been running
REF: It is a big deal because Walker, during his campaign,

HYP: to sue the davy cannons.
REF: he would sue The Daily Beast.

HYP: Biden has had a phone call with
REF: Biden had a phone call with

HYP: The Supreme Court began its new term on Monday with
REF: The Supreme Court began its new term on Monday with

HYP: the new justice committee, Ketanji Brown Jackson,
REF: a new justice on its bench, Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson,

HYP: It is the first time that the court has returned to hear cases
REF: the first time the justices were back hearing cases
0040995-2022.10.4.mp4	10.75	cases on affirmative action in higher education,
0041015-2022.10.4.mp4	6.375	they are searching for a suspect who kidnapped
0041129-2022.5.11.mp4	2.875	It is Wednesday, May 11.
0041134-2022.5.11.mp4	4.25	The passenger had to take over the plane's controls.
0041149-2022.5.11.mp4	9.125	Actor James Cromwell, who is also an animal rights activist,
0041162-2022.5.11.mp4	7.083	A US Army soldier who was in a training session at
0041165-2022.5.11.mp4	2.917	The soldier was not yet identified at
0041175-2022.5.11.mp4	3.5	because he was accused of multiple women of
0041176-2022.5.11.mp4	3.958	sexual misconduct during his campaign.
0041184-2022.5.11.mp4	8.917	A journalist with Al Jazeera was killed as she was covering
0041191-2022.5.11.mp4	6.375	while wearing a vest with a PRESS" badge on it.

HYP: and a relay service from Abbott,
REF: and on a formula recall from Abbott,

HYP: made up under five designs of Tyler,
REF: which manufactures formula under the Similac,

HYP: Lysiana and Loucker.
REF: Alimentum and EleCare labels.

HYP: farmers to increase production and
REF: encourage them to increase production and

HYP: A official with the National WPC Agency said
REF: An official with the National WIC Association said

HYP: and contacted medical doctors for health
REF: instead contact medical experts on what to do

HYP: they couldn't get it.
REF: if they can't get formula.

HYP: It is Monday, April 11.
REF: It is Monday, April 11.

HYP: in the China Guangzhou International Airport.
REF: the Guangzhou Baryon International Airport in China.

HYP: mask requirements in open air beginning 8 April
REF: its indoor mask mandate beginning April 18

HYP: over 50% higher than against 10 days ago.
REF: more than 50% higher than they were 10 days ago.

HYP: Just a few days ago, Musk was said to be voting in the board
REF: Just a few days ago it was said that Musk would be on the board

HYP: various comments.
REF: because "nobody shows up anyway."

HYP: There is a $15,000 reward for information leading to
REF: There is a $15,000 reward for information leading to

HYP: a video video showing pushing an older man
REF: were seen on video shoving an elderly man

HYP: The charge is dropped commander.
REF: but the charges were dropped last year.

HYP: in the eastern region.
REF: up in the region.

HYP: UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson visited
REF: U.K. Prime Minister Boris Johnson visited

HYP: President Putin of Russia for about 35 minutes.
REF: Russian President Putin today for about 75 minutes.

HYP: All those responsible for the war must be held accountable.
REF: all responsible must be held accountable.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: Two were in a car crashed on a ice road
REF: when the vehicle they were in crashed on an icy road

HYP: a tree on Monday night.
REF: hit a tree on Monday night.

HYP: in its place.
REF: at him.

HYP: The police department pointed to Hermanton Parker said
REF: The police department at Huntington Park said

HYP: Lewer was a father of two children and his family said
REF: Lowe was a father of two and his family said

HYP: He struggled recently after
REF: he was struggling recently after he had to have

HYP: The search was not unexpected and
REF: The search was not a surprise -

HYP: Australian officials announced they have found
REF: Australian officials announced they found

HYP: has a power like 10 x-rays in one hour if it's been taken.
REF: the same power as ten X-rays in an hour if someone was near it.

HYP: Officials said a search team found near
REF: Officials said a search team found the capsule near

HYP: but the New York law is unconstitutional.
REF: and that the New York law is unconstitutional.

HYP: laws can be broken.
REF: their laws may be thrown out.

HYP: President Biden said he is disappointed at
REF: President Biden said he is deeply disappointed at

HYP: call the life security,
REF: and called for the lifeguards to go into the pool,

HYP: an investigation and that she is in good health.
REF: after a check-up, doctors said she is in good health.

HYP: last year.
REF: last year.

HYP: Roberts said in an interview that that is common
REF: Fuentes said in an interview that it is common in

HYP: they were able to move the beans.
REF: to safely relocate the bees.

HYP: padding the hole in the home court and
REF: cut a hole in the wall of the home,

HYP: drill sheets in the room.
REF: and vacuumed the bees into a box to relocate them.

HYP: to fall.
REF: the helicopter to crash.

HYP: First responders said they saw a front cape igniting fire
REF: A first responder said the cockpit was burned up

HYP: to flames to hot.
REF: due to the fire and the heat.

HYP: Gregory and Allison and Allen, were cut off.
REF: Progressive and Allstate.

HYP: The FDA said Juell may have a major role in
REF: The FDA said Juul "may have played a disproportionate role

HYP: the youth use of vapes.
REF: in the rise in youth vaping."

HYP: Jenner company said it would appeal the FBI's decision saying
REF: Juul said they would appeal the FDA's decision and that

HYP: be better.
REF: which may be safer.

HYP: under young users.
REF: underage users.

HYP: decided to order all the Jill production to remove
REF: before making the order for all of Juul products to

HYP: The family of actor Bruce Willis said he would resign from
REF: The family of actor Bruce Willis said he will be stepping away

HYP: entering into two villages,
REF: he was denied entry to two rides,

HYP: all the time of the phone to tell him alive.
REF: it would be the last time talking to him alive.

HYP: CNN reported that federal investigation on Hunter Biden,
REF: CNN reported that a federal investigation into Hunter Biden

HYP: new laws and foreign laws.
REF: financial laws and foreign lobbying laws.

HYP: Herward also earns up to $50,000 a month for consulting
REF: Hunter has also earned up to $50,000 a month as a consultant

HYP: President Zelensky in 2019 to investigate Ho
REF: Ukrainian President Zelensky in 2019 to investigate Hunter

HYP: The Ukrainian soldier became a hero for saying
REF: The Ukrainian soldier who became a hero for telling

HYP: His name was Ramon Heubie and was awarded with a medal.
REF: His name is Roman Hrybov and he was honored with a medal.

HYP: on Tuesday, but Hamson does not accept responsibility.
REF: the attack on Tuesday but did not claim responsibility.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: A reporter asked Biden why he had the classified documents
REF: A reporter asked Biden why he would keep classified documents

HYP: It is not known what the documents were.
REF: It is not known what the contents of the documents are.

HYP: an investigation by the Department of Justice has already investigated
REF: the review by the Department of Justice, who is already looking

HYP: because it was much attention on
REF: especially because there was a lot of attention on

HYP: November 1, shortly before the midterm elections.
REF: November 2, which was just prior to the midterm elections.

HYP: but a SUV was swept up by flowing water
REF: But the SUV was carried away by the water and

HYP: The police department has 60 staff.
REF: The police department has 60 staff.

HYP: Police said they are suspected of trying to prevent
REF: The involved officers are under suspicion of trying to impede

HYP: public support.
REF: the public's trust.

HYP: cause people to have severe swelling, cause dehydration of the body,
REF: It causes people to have severe diarrhea and become dehydrated.

HYP: WHO said warmer temperatures and more rainfall
REF: The WHO said warmer temperatures and increased rains

HYP: The U.S. finally came down inflation.
REF: The U.S. is finally cooling down inflation.

HYP: There is now another missile hit another Capitol
REF: There was another missile strike that hit another government

HYP: Videos show firefighters wielding large fires and dust
REF: Videos show firefighters putting out blazes and smoke

HYP: the city of Kherson.
REF: and seized a city called Kherson.

HYP: be moved away.
REF: in defiance.

HYP: have to reach NATO and when America enters.
REF: Putin has to cross in order for NATO and the U.S. to step in.

HYP: which allows users to connect on internet
REF: which will enable users to connect to the internet without

HYP: across America many baskets and thank you to Musk.
REF: with Starlink devices with a thank-you message to Musk.

HYP: participating in the Beijing Winter Paralympics to begin
REF: participate in the Beijing Winter Paralympics set to

HYP: concern because the today's technology
REF: concerning because the technology today would

HYP: he charged a 14-year-old boy of
REF: they have charged a 14-year-old boy with

HYP: a girl disappeared on sunday night after cycling off
REF: She disappeared on Sunday night while riding a bike between

HYP: The school district said it is bringing all students and staff
REF: Her school district said they are inviting all students

HYP: Actress Olivia Wilder,
REF: Actress Olivia Wilde was giving a speech at a convention on

HYP: On Tuesday at a conference someone went to the floor and
REF: Tuesday when someone walked up to the stage

HYP: to dissolve the special district by June 23, 2023
REF: a law to dissolve the special district on June 1, 2023

HYP: related issues in Tampa 6 to 3rd.
REF: related topics in grades K-3.

HYP: Disney expected the law would be eliminated or suspended by
REF: Disney said it hopes the law will be repealed or struck down

HYP: law of state in 1967.
REF: by state law in 1967.

HYP: to a new level.
REF: but this is a new level.

HYP: underground to water that supplied about 2.2 million people
REF: a deeper level to draw water and support about 2.2 million people

HYP: Hope your weekend was good.
REF: Hope your weekend was good.

HYP: a surprise.
REF: on a surprise trip.

HYP: started it is record.
REF: the war started, Ukraine stands.

HYP: Today another earthquake struck the southern region of Turkey
REF: Today another earthquake struck southern Türkiye in an area

HYP: hit around 8 a.m. local time.
REF: and it happened around 8 p.m. local time.

HYP: The break was 14 piles,
REF: Compare that to today's iPhone 14 Pro,

HYP: The original seller, Kevin Green,
REF: The person who sold the original phone is Karen Green,

HYP: he pays $11 a month on the internet,
REF: - for $11.99 a month on the web or

HYP: the doorway that bordered on Kiev.
REF: The columns are what support the Lincoln Memorial.

HYP: The National Park Service said the new will be
REF: The National Park Service said the new museum would be

HYP: concern that China and Russia will intensify
REF: she is concerned at how China and Russia have deepened

HYP: The Manhattan District Attorney's office led
REF: The Manhattan District Attorney's Office is leading

HYP: Alvin Burgess, sent an email to the Senate said
REF: DA Alvin Bragg wrote an email to his staff saying that

HYP: did not privy any attempt to intimidate his office.
REF: they do not tolerate attempts to intimidate their office.

HYP: are investigating the payment and federal prosecutors said
REF: during an investigation into this payment and said

HYP: criminal charges.
REF: faced criminal charges.

HYP: Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in Russia today for
REF: Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in Russia today

HYP: Both countries plan to boost their economy
REF: Both countries plan to discuss increasing their economic

HYP: CNBC said Ukraine and Western countries are watching
REF: CNBC said Ukraine and Western allies are watching to see

HYP: it causes damage and damage to people.
REF: leading to losses and damages to nature and people.

HYP: This means that any man manufacturers of carbs or greenhouse gases must
REF: This means any manmade carbon or greenhouse gas emissions have

HYP: or abortions.
REF: to be eliminated or removed.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: A elderly couple from Wisconsin was killed by a lightning
REF: An elderly couple from Wisconsin was killed by a lightning strike

HYP: the building's.
REF: in front of the building.

HYP: today shows that the U.S. economy is not declining.
REF: for now it shows the economy has not entered a recession.

HYP: The jury said Jones caused painful and
REF: The jury found that Jones caused suffering,

HYP: Today the jury will decide to want more punishments
REF: Today the jury will decide whether they want to award

HYP: close close to child's performances and others.
REF: nearly hit child performers and others.

HYP: The SUV doesn't seem to have hit on the crowd,
REF: Although it doesn't seem like the SUV ran over anyone,

HYP: substance of human immunity for disposal or to prevent
REF: the supply of human organs for transplant or to prevent

HYP: discovered again and are considering what is possible in the future.
REF: the findings and wondered about the possibilities in the future.

HYP: After Russian FSB intelligence officers visited the school
REF: The teacher said Russian FSB intelligence agents showed up

HYP: Erbach in since March, at least 3,000 people have said
REF: The Telegraph said since March, at least 3,000 people have been

HYP: pages for negative comment on the Russian war and that
REF: fined for speaking negatively about the Russian war and that

HYP: Have a good weekend and stay with the light.
REF: Have a good weekend and stay with the light.

HYP: ABC 7 News in California reported that beginning
REF: ABC 7 News in California reported that beginning this

HYP: the global MSM program,
REF: the Universal Meals program,

HYP: Herch was brought out by first responders
REF: Heche was pulled out by first responders

HYP: The family today say they are continuing on ventilator
REF: Now her family is keeping her on a ventilator

HYP: information if you don't get me.
REF: If you don't hear from me,

HYP: Police said they are still trying to negotiate to
REF: Police said they tried to negotiate with him

HYP: he was arrested,
REF: and take him into custody,

HYP: was killed by him when he fired the gun on him.
REF: but shot and killed him after he raised his gun towards them.

HYP: The Washington Post reported that the files
REF: The Washington Post reported according to their sources,

HYP: bullet-arms and when they stormed in Mar-a-Lago
REF: nuclear weapons when they conducted a raid of Mar-a-Lago

HYP: Trump accused the FBI of putting in evidence.
REF: He accused the FBI of planting evidence.

HYP: AP News said a federal judge will decide today
REF: AP News said a federal judge will decide today

HYP: went forward the request for disclosure.
REF: whether to grant the request to unseal the warrant.

HYP: His name is Bruce Richard.
REF: The judge's name is Bruce Reinhart,

HYP: Water in turtle waste means that it is likely that
REF: in sewage, which means it is likely that

HYP: fungal infections or are touched with poisonous tissue diseases.
REF: coughs or from contact with infected fecal matter.

HYP: News reports said Ukrainian forces have recovered
REF: News reports say Ukrainian troops have retaken

HYP: criticizing Russian President Putin
REF: started to criticize Russian President Putin

HYP: their mother, a 30-year-old woman
REF: the children's mother, a 30-year-old woman,

HYP: Police said when they heard the,
REF: Police said after they received calls,

HYP: They visited the mother's apartment afterwards,
REF: they visited the mother's apartment and after a while

HYP: tragically found the bodies of three children.
REF: they tragically found the bodies of the three children.

HYP: just stop buying Russian oil and actions
REF: mostly cease buying Russian oil and do similar actions

HYP: take action to avoid the rise in gas prices.
REF: take actions to avoid that spike.

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: four people in a wooded street.
REF: five people along a nature trail.

HYP: ABC News said Cuckoo Meds traveled 7 miles.
REF: ABC News said the crime scene spanned over 2 miles.

HYP: The deaths were younger a 16-year-old boy and
REF: The youngest victim was a 16-year-old boy who was

HYP: believe that the suspect was shot or
REF: it's not clear if the suspect shot himself or

HYP: a winter snowflake storm for the first time in
REF: the winter snow crab season for the first time in history

HYP: There is an estimated 1 billion is missing
REF: An estimated one billion crabs have disappeared,

HYP: A shepherd told CBS News that he felt
REF: A fisherman told CBS News that he's wondering if

HYP: which crossed borders or plunged into water surfaces,
REF: crossed the border, or walk off the continental shelf

HYP: due to temperatures affected.
REF: due to climate change affecting the crabs,

HYP: have to be cold to live.
REF: which need cold water to survive.

HYP: On Thursday the Supreme Court rejected a request from Trump
REF: On Thursday the Supreme Court rejected a request from Trump to

HYP: but the information in very sensitive information that
REF: saying the information in them is so sensitive that even if

HYP: it would still jeopardize national security.
REF: it would jeopardize national security.

HYP: This case and the investigation is still ongoing.
REF: That case and investigation are still ongoing.

HYP: it will likely be challenged that in court
REF: and will probably challenge it in court,

HYP: a race against Elon for purchasing power from agriculture
REF: compete with Walmart for purchasing power from farms

HYP: shooting and killing three student athletes who played
REF: that killed three student-athletes who played

HYP: he heard jones tell someone he had a gun.
REF: after they heard Jones telling someone else that he had a gun.

HYP: CBS News said Jones was in a criminal incident in 2021
REF: CBS News said Jones was involved in a criminal incident in 2021

HYP: an 8-50 combination that the winch.
REF: If there is a 50-50 tie, Democrats have the tiebreaker.

HYP: Raphael Warnock (R) and Senator Raphael Warnock.
REF: between Herschel Walker (R) and Sen. Raphael Warnock (D).

HYP: About 20 games still not counted, mostly in California, Arizona,
REF: about 20 races still uncalled, mostly in California, Arizona

HYP: Republicans have 212 seats and Democrats have 241.
REF: Republicans have 212 seats to Democrats' 204.

HYP: the flash power to win control of 218 seats.
REF: The magic number to control the House is 218.

HYP: Most news analysts and President Biden expect that
REF: Most news analysts and President Biden predicted that

HYP: If Republicans win the House control, it means Republicans will have power to
REF: If Republicans win the House, they will have the power to

HYP: You if have power to indict.
REF: They will also have the power to impeach.

HYP: 9 billion people on November 15.
REF: 8 billion people on November 15.

HYP: in public health, food,
REF: to improvements in public health, nutrition,

HYP: Leno is now at 60 center in hospital to receive treatment.
REF: Leno is at a burn center at a hospital to get treatment.

HYP: The employees would clean up AIPA's coupon and
REF: The jobs would come from Amazon's corporate

HYP: to dispose most of its $125 billion to
REF: he plans to give away most of his $124 billion to

HYP: government division.
REF: and political divisions.

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: The Guardian reported that British and Wales are now
REF: The Guardian reported that England and Wales are now

HYP: A catastrophe is when someone extrudes their true identity
REF: Catfishing is when someone conceals their true identity and

HYP: acting out another online to develop relationship.
REF: poses as someone else online to develop a relationship.

HYP: for Virginia state police officers.
REF: He used to work for the Virginia State Police

HYP: through a conversation to get the girl's life
REF: Through catfishing, he was able to get the girl's address and

HYP: Police searched the red car.
REF: Police were able to track down the red vehicle and said

HYP: Will Smith began an interview to discuss
REF: Will Smith has started doing interviews to talk about

HYP: Democrats already control the Senate with
REF: Democrats have already secured control of the Senate with

HYP: AP News said Chinese University was released home students
REF: AP News said Chinese universities sent students home

HYP: Recently there were thousands of protests against China's
REF: In recent days, thousands of people protested the Chinese

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: Today the Supreme Court ruled 6-3
REF: Today the Supreme Court ruled 6-3 in

HYP: a high school football coach who lost his job
REF: favor of a high school football coach who lost his job

HYP: to look at a person.
REF: to single out a person.

HYP: a court in nearly 70 years.
REF: any court in almost 70 years..."

HYP: Videos on social media showed a huge fire.
REF: Videos on the internet showed a large blaze.

HYP: the aircraft from Russia.
REF: the missile came from Russia.

HYP: Ukraine fired over 60 missiles across Ukraine
REF: Russia fired over 60 missiles across Ukraine

HYP: Witnesses said people couldn't breathe and
REF: The witness said people couldn't breathe and

HYP: Many abortion laws were before Roe v. Wade.
REF: Many of the abortion laws predate Roe v. Wade.

HYP: they would prosecute those who perform abortions
REF: the state would prosecute doctors who perform abortions,

HYP: despite all that is possible to make sure that
REF: it would do whatever it could to make sure

HYP: for investigation.
REF: interviewing witnesses.

HYP: Kohhner is from Pennsylvania.
REF: Dharmesh is from Pasadena.

HYP: to the happy family is shocked.
REF: that they seemed like a happy family.

HYP: other Republican candidates.
REF: alternative Republican candidates.

HYP: So this means McCarthy has still about 200 votes and
REF: So that leaves McCarthy with about 200 votes,

HYP: to McCarthy.
REF: to back McCarthy.

HYP: with his own.
REF: on his own.

HYP: that will hit California today and tomorrow,
REF: going to hit California today and tomorrow.

HYP: It is called a "Worm Wave" with the state
REF: it is a case of "weather whiplash" with the state

HYP: showed their locations to Ukrainian forces.
REF: for revealing their location to the Ukrainian military.

HYP: found evidence that local citizens were taken into prison for
REF: they found evidence that local residents were held in cells for

HYP: A passenger said that the airline failed to provide
REF: from a passenger who said the airline failed to provide

HYP: spending to have to spend due to disruptions in
REF: expenses they had to pay because of the disruption

HYP: The aircraft carry-on baggage with a hole with
REF: a small carry-on luggage that has a hole on its side in

HYP: was famous in 2016 that he disappeared for
REF: who became well-known in 2016 when she disappeared

HYP: three weeks or showed up that
REF: for three weeks before reappearing with a story

HYP: federal government and Federal Bank earlier this year.
REF: federal authorities and mail fraud earlier this year.

HYP: Now he is a plea agreement, he will plead guilty to
REF: Now in a plea deal, Papini will plead guilty to

HYP: Also law enforcement agencies
REF: California law enforcement and organizations that

HYP: four stolen people and brazilian.
REF: the two kidnappers who never existed.

HYP: from the infection case.
REF: as a part of the plea deal.

HYP: Northern California was affected by
REF: Northern California were impacted by

HYP: charges on negative to the Hispanic women.
REF: because it put a negative spotlight on them.

HYP: Axios said it is the 75th anniversary of James Rickson,
REF: Axios said today is the 75th anniversary of Jackie Robinson

HYP: the first Black quarterback for the NFL and who started the first
REF: the first Black MLB player to start at first base

HYP: will have the T-shirt number, which is his number.
REF: with players wearing No. 42, Robinson's number,

HYP: The NFL team has kept it up,
REF: MLB teams have already done this for years,

HYP: Ronin was experiencing harassment from the U.S. and teams competitors.
REF: Robinson experienced harassment from fans and opposing teams.

HYP: But his coach and NFL's support
REF: But his coaches and the MLB supported him

HYP: the most important lead ship for the Black Sea fleet
REF: the flagship of its Black Sea fleet,

HYP: A Russian official gave a directive to
REF: A Russian official sent a warning to

HYP: water and risk unpredictable consequences.
REF: saying they are risking "unpredictable consequences."

HYP: The two victims tried to run away from home,
REF: The two people who died were trying to evacuate

HYP: but they didn't get out.
REF: but didn't make it out -

HYP: Firefighters said they were difficult to control the fire
REF: Firefighters said it is difficult to control the fire

HYP: Local law enforcement and the FBI said
REF: Local law enforcement and the FBI said

HYP: without power.
REF: because of the power outages.

HYP: but they haven't found anything to it.
REF: but haven't found anything so far.

HYP: was was illegal.
REF: but was banned, but it is not clear why.

HYP: showed his mandate and asked him to let us go.
REF: showed her badge before asking him to "just let us go."

HYP: Elon Musk gave a journalist access to
REF: Elon Musk provided a journalist with access to

HYP: the presidential election.
REF: the 2020 presidential election.

HYP: a proof of pro-democratic parties to prevent cost. "
REF: evidence of a partisan conspiracy to censor."

HYP: before he shot him.
REF: the other side.

HYP: The father then pulled out, saw the animal and
REF: The father walked around the car and once he saw the animal,

HYP: caught him and threw the gasoline at Cohen
REF: he picked up the girl and threw a water bottle at the coyote,

HYP: WWF officials are searching to capture Casey.
REF: Wildlife officials are trying to catch the coyote.

HYP: Many at the stadium in the Arigas Stadium cheered
REF: Many in the crowd at Arthur Ashe Stadium cheered

HYP: Edwards hopes to collapse in the tournament that is expected to
REF: on Williams, hoping to see her go deep in what is expected to

HYP: but peteon was scourged because he was former
REF: For Palin, it is considered an upset because she used to

HYP: police were arrested and brought him,
REF: He was handcuffed and carried outside.

HYP: police officers to shoot him because Leck did not have it,
REF: the officer to shoot because Lewis was unarmed and

HYP: The DOJ said the special master is not necessary and
REF: The DOJ said a "special master" is unnecessary

HYP: because he's no longer a president.
REF: because he is no longer the president.

HYP: Judge Coleman previously said he had more biases
REF: Cannon previously said she was leaning towards

HYP: A team of U.N. Nuclear investigators managed to confirm
REF: A team of U.N. nuclear inspectors was able to make it

HYP: It is Thursday, February 10.
REF: It is Thursday, February 10.

HYP: Tam was 65 years.
REF: Saget was 65.

HYP: another important international bridge about an hour:
REF: Another critical international bridge about a hour north,

HYP: a water bridge one also began to be blocked.
REF: the Blue Water Bridge, is also starting to be blocked up.

HYP: stopped production or slowly
REF: halt production or slow down production due to

HYP: There is a third international fund in Mauritania was blocked
REF: A third international border crossing in Manitoba was blocked

HYP: This means Republicans can sue their leaders in court
REF: Victims would be able to sue their employers in court,

HYP: said it should not be given a private interview.
REF: she signed required her to go to arbitration instead.

HYP: vaccinations, and masks.
REF: on vaccinations and masks.

HYP: Russian Olympic skierist Kaliya Varliev,
REF: Russian Olympic figure skater Kamila Valieva,

HYP: discussions in Germany, but there was no ceasefire
REF: for talks in Turkey, but there was no deal on a cease-fire or

HYP: that the U.S. is going to be cooperating with Poland and
REF: the U.S. is united with Poland and that

HYP: the U.S. is coordinating with Poland to offer
REF: what the U.S. would do with Poland's offer to

HYP: Polish President Ruda said this situation was
REF: Polish President Duda said this situation is

HYP: Ukrainian President Zelensky said Russia's lie said
REF: Zelensky said Russian media lied by saying that

HYP: chemical weapons in Ukraine.
REF: chemical weapons in Ukraine.

HYP: Russia has made false claims that
REF: Russia has been making false claims about

HYP: from the actions.
REF: that it itself is perpetrating.

HYP: through April 18.
REF: through April 18.

HYP: went to an embassy fund in Atlanta to retrieve
REF: was at a Bank of America in Atlanta to make a withdrawal

HYP: for $10,000 in cash.
REF: for over $10,000 in cash.

HYP: The workman feared he was trying to attack.
REF: The teller felt that it was an attempt at a bank robbery

HYP: McCarthon told the police that
REF: Coogler told the officers that

HYP: sexual orientation or gender identity man is prohibited
REF: such as sexual orientation or gender identity

HYP: to correct, but it was the recent issues.
REF: they teach about these topics.

HYP: but he didn't say he would sign it.
REF: but hasn't said if he would sign it.

HYP: it will hurt LGBTQ young people and send a message
REF: say it would harm LGBTQ youth and send a message that

HYP: by suicide.
REF: and suicide.

HYP: that can put public smear on these issues".
REF: instead of putting a general prohibition on these topics.

HYP: Disney CEO Bob Chepall said recently Disney is opposing
REF: Disney CEO Bob Chapek recently said the company opposes

HYP: It is Friday, November 5.
REF: It is Friday, November 4.

HYP: Election Day is Tuesday, November 8.
REF: Election Day is on Tuesday, November 8.

HYP: in early voting in 46 states.
REF: early voting in 46 states.

HYP: is 18 years old and wanted to win reelection to
REF: He is 89 years old and is seeking reelection to

HYP: a rally to support Democratic Governor Michelle Grigon,
REF: a rally in support of Democratic Gov. Michelle Lujan Grisham,

HYP: Biden warned that abortion rights would disappear
REF: Biden warned that abortion rights would go away

HYP: is information that is almost impossible to win.
REF: It is almost impossible to win -

HYP: News reports said Nikki might fire half of Twitter's workforce.
REF: Some reports said Musk may fire half of Twitter's workforce.

HYP: the person behind the account.
REF: the real person behind the account.

HYP: Musk tweeted that he will still be free for those
REF: He said Twitter would still be free for those who are not

HYP: you'll pay $8 to me.
REF: willing to pay $8 to have a checkmark.

HYP: "Heroes to Negroes" "Snow North America".
REF: called "Hebrews to Negroes: Wake Up Black America."

HYP: he believed him, but later deleted his twitter,
REF: that he "believed in," but later deleted his tweet

HYP: he knows it's a system.
REF: if he knew where he came from.

HYP: He hit four times in his waists during a rally
REF: was shot four times in his legs during a rally and

HYP: Sunday there was the last of DAT
REF: This Sunday is the end of DST.

HYP: but there's nothing we have to do about it today,
REF: But there's nothing we can do about it right now

HYP: which involved a threat of a mass shooting
REF: that included a threat of a mass shooting.

HYP: The Sheriff's office presented a video
REF: The sheriff’s office showed a video of

HYP: released and released an mtgame video.
REF: and released a mugshot.

HYP: and that he is ready for the water day
REF: to get ready for “water day,”

HYP: at a school event.
REF: which is a school event in

HYP: The sheriff said he understands that the boy
REF: The sheriff said he understands that the boy is

HYP: An 18-year-old man in Halworth County,
REF: a 18-year-old man in Hillsborough County, Florida

HYP: has a skeletal trunk and with a statement
REF: a tactical vest, and a caption that said,

HYP: Law enforcement said that they investigated
REF: Law enforcement said after an investigation,

HYP: but Canada is the higher rate compared to
REF: but Canada has a higher rate compared

HYP: which are gun killings compared with Australia,
REF: gun homicides as Australia.

HYP: The Canadian government plans to
REF: and that the Canadian government plans

HYP: Police say an intruder took place in
REF: Police said the burglary took place sometime

HYP: The church leader said
REF: Church leaders said

HYP: between the Trump Organization and the Russian Bank
REF: between the Trump Organization and a Russian bank.

HYP: Sussman and told the FBI that he didn't do
REF: Sussmann told the FBI that he was not doing this

HYP: to work with the Clinton campaign.
REF: that worked with the Clinton campaign.

HYP: In 2021, a grand jury was charged
REF: In 2021, a grand jury indicted

HYP: Sussmann's defense team said that Clinton's campaign
REF: Sussmann’s defense team said the Clinton campaign

HYP: through news headlines.
REF: through the news media instead.

HYP: He was airlifted to a hospital,
REF: She was airlifted to a hospital and

HYP: It is Tuesday, April 25.
REF: It is Tuesday, April 24.

HYP: to about women's health care conditions and
REF: dictating what health care decisions women can make,

HYP: protect the American Democracy.
REF: to defend democracy.

HYP: Polls show that most of Americans and
REF: because polls have shown that most Americans and

HYP: most Democrats are preferred not to run again.
REF: most Democrats would prefer he not run again,

HYP: some considered it his age.
REF: with many citing his age as a major factor.

HYP: and Trump is winning the Republican nomination.
REF: if Trump wins the Republican nomination.

HYP: only exceptionally can those who do abortion up to six weeks
REF: The only exceptions would be abortions up to six weeks of

HYP: Tom Randers from the New York Times an agreement to
REF: Aaron Rodgers to the New York Jets in a package

HYP: with several design sheets.
REF: that includes several draft picks.

HYP: Randor is 39-year-old and a two-time NFL quarterback
REF: Rodgers, 39, a four-time NFL MVP,

HYP: the New York Times was in 2008.
REF: to the New York Jets in 2008.

HYP: transgender women who were elected to state legislature.
REF: transgender woman elected to the Montana legislature,

HYP: they kissed.
REF: when they prayed.

HYP: Grey's comments broke the standard of decoration on the floor,
REF: Zephyr's comments violated decorum on the floor and

HYP: A group requested to claim censure and called
REF: A group of Republicans called for a censure and referred to

HYP: was with pearl, the of "the depraved".
REF: Zephyr with male pronouns, misgendering her.

HYP: screamed, "Let him do well".
REF: chanted "Let her speak!"

HYP: a huge crater in a place in Bay Chuck, Texas.
REF: There is a huge crater at the site in Boca Chica, Texas.

HYP: SpaceX CEO Elon Musk said the shuttle rocket
REF: SpaceX CEO Elon Musk said the force of the rocket's

HYP: may be able to crush the floor.
REF: engines may have shattered the concrete.

HYP: Musk said SpaceX hoped to build a huge water-
REF: Musk said SpaceX was hoping to build a "massive water-cooled

HYP: the Shell packet covered under the rocket,
REF: steel plate to go under the launch mount"

HYP: a successful end in time for last week,
REF: but didn't finish it in time for last week's launch

HYP: sending several miles towards communities
REF: spread across several miles to communities where people live.

HYP: Trump raped at a store in New York City
REF: Trump raped her in a store in New York City

HYP: said he was non-gay and that they were targeted
REF: that she is not his type, and that he is being targeted

HYP: it is a civil case.
REF: because it is a civil case.

HYP: Biden said he is responding to sign the debt.
REF: Biden said he looked forward to signing it and said,

HYP: He said Americans should have the right to marry the person they love.
REF: Americans should have the right to marry the person they love.

HYP: a charge of seditious conspiracy over his role
REF: his charge of seditious conspiracy for his role in

HYP: in the January 6 Capitol riot.
REF: the Jan 6. Capitol riot.

HYP: Prosecutors said Rhodes led the effort to sue
REF: Prosecutors said Rhodes led an effort to oppose

HYP: Joe Biden's election win.
REF: Joe Biden's election victory.

HYP: Three of them were found guilty of obstruction of
REF: All five people were found guilty of obstruction of

HYP: The woman said the gunshot wasn't included
REF: The woman said the 3 and a half minutes doesn't account

HYP: his fellow Democratic members to become
REF: his fellow Democratic members of Congress to become

HYP: Jeffs is the first Black leader of a party in Congress.
REF: Jeffries is the first Black leader of a party in Congress.

HYP: He said he wants to find land with Republicans and
REF: He said he wants to find common ground with Republicans -

HYP: We can expect there to be a lot of political strife between
REF: We can expect to see a lot of political clashes

HYP: throwing paper bags in the air.
REF: holding baguettes up in the air.

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: That is all the top stories for today.

HYP: On Tuesday night in Green, Texas,
REF: On Tuesday night in Greece,

HYP: a passenger train ship carrying about 250 people and
REF: a passenger train with about 350 people on it

HYP: both ran in the same pair.
REF: Both were traveling toward each other on the same track.

HYP: At least 36 people were killed.
REF: At least 36 people were killed.

HYP: last year.
REF: to pass through.

HYP: to be trapped.
REF: and people trapped.

HYP: were visiting the area.
REF: visited the scene of the crash.

HYP: and other people.
REF: to several others.

HYP: ABC News said a prosecutor's wife's son died
REF: ABC said a co-plaintiff whose wife and daughter were also

HYP: In Nevada.
REF: on insulin.

HYP: because he failed to achieve the top-two finish.
REF: Tuesday when she failed to make it in a top-two runoff.

HYP: an international struggle with police and teachers union
REF: years of fights with the police and teachers' unions,

HYP: they found a man who disappeared a few weeks ago was inside the man's body.
REF: of a man who disappeared a few weeks ago inside of the shark.

HYP: Police said carter left the crash,
REF: Law enforcement said Carter left the scene of the crash

HYP: the 202nd as a security guard.
REF: the upcoming NFL draft as a defensive tackle.

HYP: the Columbia's South Shore, is known to have held
REF: South Carolina's Lowcountry who was known for

HYP: local prosecutors' office for 70 years.
REF: being local prosecutors for over 80 consecutive years.

HYP: The law has provisions that say
REF: The law includes language referring to

HYP: Governor Lee said the law is to prevent parents
REF: Gov. Lee said the law is aimed to prevent parents

HYP: the states Florida, Arizona, Texas,
REF: been introduced in Florida, Arizona, Texas, and others.

HYP: charged with 56 counts of child pornography.
REF: charged with 56 counts of child pornography.

HYP: to his arrest.
REF: he was arrested.

HYP: a lactic on a shell,
REF: the number of layers on the shell with

HYP: the same year of Nashville birth.
REF: That's the same year that Abraham Lincoln was born.

HYP: He explained that when the first the shark,
REF: He said when he first saw the clam,

HYP: the same time.
REF: because of its size.

HYP: CBS News said it was returned to the Gulf of Mexico on
REF: CBS News said it was released back into the Gulf of Mexico,

HYP: to hold Russia accountable.
REF: to hold Russia accountable.

HYP: Have a nice weekend and stay with the light.
REF: Have a nice weekend and stay with the light.

HYP: in 1978 and 1988.
REF: in 1977 and 1978.

HYP: not focusing on on equality richs.
REF: instead of catering to upper-middle-class white people.

HYP: happy and his heart will continue.
REF: heart and humor will live on."

HYP: The accused Till caused Brian's husband to
REF: The accusation against Till made Bryant's husband and

HYP: Later they confessed to having killed Till
REF: Later on, the two men confessed to murdering Till and

HYP: to sell her story to magazines.
REF: sold their story to a magazine.

HYP: he may have lied during his statements to the FBI or
REF: possibly lying during her testimony to the FBI

HYP: The supermarket in Mississippi is now torn down
REF: The grocery store in Mississippi is now dilapidated

HYP: there was a posted sign at.
REF: but there is a marker at the site.

HYP: Republicans in Montana voted to denounce Rep. Zezhyper
REF: Republicans in Montana voted to censure Rep. Zooey Zephyr,

HYP: Democratic and the state's first transgender state legislator.
REF: a Democrat and the state's first transgender state legislator.

HYP: for minors.
REF: for minors.

HYP: physically entered into the house.
REF: from physically participating on the House floor.

HYP: five years and for supporters of him to have
REF: the next five years and then his supporters would have to

HYP: undergo mental health testings.
REF: be required to take a mental competency test,

HYP: So that means if Haley will win the Republican nomination,
REF: So, suppose Haley wins the Republican nomination,

HYP: trained Twitter to call video to other Twitters
REF: they have taught parrots to make video calls to other parrots

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today’s top stories.

HYP: China of allegations of human rights abuses.
REF: of China due to allegations of human rights abuses.

HYP: in Japan and India.
REF: such as Japan or India.

HYP: However individual athletes from Russia can still participate
REF: but individual athletes from Russia can compete

HYP: any population growth of this in Europe.
REF: to any expansion of the NATO.

HYP: The video plans to show dead Russian soldiers and grieving.
REF: The video would show dead Russian soldiers and fake mourners.

HYP: The spokesman said that AP journalist should not suspect be
REF: The spokesperson said the reporter shouldn’t doubt the credibility

HYP: convicted of murdering a 17-year-old teen
REF: who was convicted of murdering a 17-year-old teenager

HYP: He was released from state prison on Thursday.
REF: was released from state prison custody on Thursday.

HYP: South Dakota is in another state Florida, San Diego and Mississippi
REF: South Dakota now joins Florida, Texas, Arkansas, and Mississippi

HYP: against transgender athletes.
REF: in banning transgender athletes.

HYP: but opponents said it is the discrimination.
REF: but those who are opposed to the law said it is discrimination.

HYP: Austria requires all adults to get Covid-19 vaccine
REF: Austria now requires all adults to get the Covid-19 vaccine

HYP: and face fees up to of loans.
REF: or face fines of up to 600 euros.

HYP: In Georgia, Democratic Senator Raphael Warnock defeated
REF: In Georgia, Democratic Sen. Raphael Warnock defeated

HYP: Duncan got about 100,000 more votes compared to Walker.
REF: Warnock received about 100,000 more votes than Walker.

HYP: banks and other partners canceled
REF: as banks or other business partners may cancel contracts

HYP: the company is a felony.
REF: because the company is a felon.

HYP: is charged with conspiring to overthrow the government
REF: who are accused of plotting to overthrow the government

HYP: The FBI said there are at least 20 alligators and
REF: The FBI said he has at least 20 wives and

HYP: Barton was first arrested in August when photographed
REF: Bateman was first arrested in August after someone spotted

HYP: from a toilet panel and camping train in.
REF: there was a toilet, couch, and camping chairs in it.

HYP: The FBI said there were 20 alibis and many less than 20
REF: The FBI said he had 20 wives and that many of them were underage,

HYP: under the age of 13.
REF: mostly under the age of 15.

HYP: They are accusing Bamin was using religion as
REF: Bateman is accused of using religion as

HYP: and sexual activity.
REF: engage in sexual acts.

HYP: The FBI also was seeking charges against adults who
REF: The FBI is also pursuing charges against adults who may have

HYP: Jeffreyst is serving a life sentence in prison.
REF: Jeffs is serving a life sentence in prison.

HYP: isolate people who are infected with COVID-19 and
REF: isolating people with Covid-19 and

HYP: the country from Russian aggression.
REF: their country from Russian aggression.

HYP: TVS said Zelenskyy is inspiring the world in a way
REF: Time said Zelenskyy has really galvanized the world in a way

HYP: the last minutes to expiry time,
REF: the last 10 minutes to send it to extra time (overtime).

HYP: Both were both and were given sentences of
REF: Both sides scored goals to send it to penalty kicks,

HYP: and Mexico and Canada.
REF: Mexico, and Canada.

HYP: obstructing an official procedure,
REF: obstruction of an official proceeding,

HYP: states that voted for Joe Biden.
REF: states that voted for Joe Biden.

HYP: Axios explained that Sweden is not pledged and does not require
REF: Axios said the referrals are "non-binding and do not require

HYP: special counsel Jack Smith, who is also oversee
REF: special counsel Jack Smith, who is also overseeing

HYP: are finishing up their defamation suits for
REF: settle their defamation lawsuit.

HYP: Hunter said in a statement that he doesn't want to go through
REF: Heard said in a statement that she doesn't want to go through

HYP: game without first receiving approval from
REF: the game without first obtaining the consent of

HYP: FFC accused Epic Games of luring children to
REF: FTC also accused Epic Games of tricking children into

HYP: The company said it would make many changes.
REF: but the company said it would make many changes.

HYP: cracked up ceilings on the ceilings
REF: which was likely caused by passengers or attendants'

HYP: The speaker explained that
REF: did not have a chance to buckle her belt

HYP: request for consultation an official with
REF: they are very happy and feel fortunate that

HYP: Police said the gunman,
REF: a handgun.

HYP: The mayor said the community is very scared and in shock.
REF: and in absolute shock.

HYP: caused Elon Musk to post his followers on a poll whether
REF: that led to Elon Musk asking his followers on a poll if

HYP: It was 17.5 million votes and 55% said yes.
REF: There were 17.5 million votes with 57% saying "yes.'

HYP: from Facebook or agents or others.
REF: on Facebook or IG."

HYP: Twitter company at least dropped the policy at
REF: Twitter ended up scrubbing the policy less than

HYP: jason kuehar and edvin posted on sunday night
REF: Sunday with Jared Kushner, posted on Sunday night the poll

HYP: in a shoot-out at supermarket on Saturday
REF: in the supermarket shooting on Saturday.

HYP: said he wanted to kill and accuse
REF: that he wanted to commit a murder-suicide,

HYP: was released.
REF: and was released.

HYP: shot dead one person and injured several others.
REF: killing one person and injuring several others.

HYP: because other churches were squeezed by him
REF: an effect as other churchgoers were able to swarm

HYP: There is continuing shortage of baby formula in the U.S.
REF: There is an ongoing shortage of baby formula in the U.S.

HYP: a refrigeration plant in Michigan
REF: a formula manufacturer in Michigan,

HYP: Four of the guests died.
REF: with two of them dying.

HYP: stopped the plant nationwide and stopped
REF: There was a nationwide recall and the disruption in production

HYP: The franchise will not be available to on stores
REF: the formula will not be available on shelves until

HYP: and lawyer said if protesters were in a private home,
REF: The law says that if protesters at a private residence ignore

HYP: There would be similar protests in the D.C. area
REF: similar to recent protests in the D.C.

HYP: It is the highest number of car crashes in 16 years.
REF: It is the highest number of traffic fatalities in 16 years.

HYP: the second California, and third Florida.
REF: followed by California and Florida.

HYP: and roads constructed for speed for safety.
REF: roads that are designed for speed instead of safety.

HYP: The CDC said Covid-19 hospitalizations are
REF: The CDC said Covid-19 hospitalizations rising

HYP: U.S. President Biden plans to visit Mexico next week.
REF: U.S. President Biden plans to visit Mexico next week.

HYP: in conspiring to transport, tea, ice,
REF: of conspiracy to traffic cocaine, meth,

HYP: 230,000 new jobs in December and unemployment
REF: 223,000 jobs in December and that the unemployment rate has

HYP: 47-year-old supporters of senate used sinks were given
REF: Support staffers on jet skis brought him to the beach,

HYP: And in Hawaii and many in the ferry community honour for Fayue.
REF: Many in the surfing community posted tributes for Freire.

HYP: telephonic calls engaging elderly people who send
REF: that defrauded elderly people out of thousands of dollars.

HYP: phone calls and promised that there would be financial
REF: promise them financial security if

HYP: The defense attorney said he was sorry for
REF: she regrets the mistakes she has made and

HYP: jumps apart and there are still many people that
REF: There are still many people who are currently

HYP: in the District of waiting to respond
REF: to answer for charges related to

HYP: That's all the top stories for today.
REF: Have a nice weekend.

HYP: Have a nice weekend and
REF: Stay with the light.

HYP: The first earthquake was a magnitude 6.2 magnitude hit
REF: The first earthquake was a magnitude of 7.8 that hit

HYP: There is one inspiring story.
REF: There is one inspiring story -

HYP: Axios said the earthquake is complex within many cases
REF: Axios said the "earthquake is a crisis within multiple crises"

HYP: the civil war in Syria.
REF: by the civil war in Syria.

HYP: A freight train carrying toxic material derailed near in
REF: A freight train carrying toxic materials derailed near

HYP: The several trucks had in it dangerous chemicals called
REF: Several of the cars were carrying a dangerous chemical

HYP: but it is still very dangerous because chemicals
REF: which is still dangerous because the chemicals

HYP: Authorities are encouraging people living near the site
REF: Authorities have urged those living near the derailment site

HYP: Police in Huntington, California, released
REF: Police in Huntington Park, California have released

HYP: the American Astral Defense said in a news announcement
REF: protecting U.S. airspace explained in a news briefing

HYP: a power supply plant in the Baltimore area
REF: energy facilities in the Baltimore area with

HYP: area damaged.
REF: the city would be destroyed.

HYP: an Fascist leader in Florida.
REF: who is a neo-Nazi leader in Florida.

HYP: President Biden will give a State of the Union address
REF: President Biden will deliver his State of the Union

HYP: Murphy and Raymond Reilly, the parents and Michelle Smith.
REF: RowVaughn and Rodney Wells, the parents of Tyre Nichols,

HYP: and New Year's, and Paul Pelosi.
REF: the Lunar New Year shooter, Paul Pelosi,

HYP: shooting and killing three people.
REF: opened fire, killing three people.

HYP: Police said the 20-year-old man was of malpractice and
REF: Police said the 22-year-old man is a Good Samaritan and

HYP: The three victims who were killed were
REF: The three victims are

HYP: On Friday in Florida, a 90-year-old woman died after
REF: On Friday in Florida, an 80-year-old woman died

HYP: search for golfing floats in Florida.
REF: while searching for disc golf frisbees in a Florida lake and

HYP: In Florida, are starting court opening speeches to
REF: In Florida, opening arguments began today for the trial to

HYP: was ruled that the Parkland school shooter Nikolas Cruz were
REF: determine whether the Parkland school shooter Nikolas Cruz will

HYP: legal battles.
REF: and legal battles.

HYP: News reports said the families of the victims in the court were crying
REF: News reports said relatives of the victims were sobbing

HYP: Police said they received a 911 call at about 11:20 a.m. on
REF: Police said they received a 911 call at about 12:40 p.m. ET

HYP: The New York Post said Ivana lived in a five-storey house
REF: The New York Post explained that Ivana lived in a four-story home

HYP: Sheher won both gold medals but she was taken away medals
REF: Thorpe won both events but had his medals stripped

HYP: of money.
REF: which prohibited earning money.

HYP: he were many viewed as
REF: what happened with many perceiving it as

HYP: Sharth is a member of the Santa Fe Nationals
REF: Thorpe was a member of the Sac and Fox Nation

HYP: It is February 22.
REF: It is February 22.

HYP: to Ukraine to defend itself against Russia.
REF: helping Ukraine to defend itself against Russia.

HYP: Biden suggested that the U.S. would defend every inch of NATO
REF: Biden emphasized that the US will defend every inch of NATO

HYP: a strong connection.
REF: their strong relations.

HYP: They said they relied on legal advice to
REF: The church said it relied on legal counsel to comply

HYP: laws that they tried to continue to
REF: with laws while attempting to maintain

HYP: The WNBA's Mercury Team posted several images
REF: The WNBA’s Phoenix Mercury team posted several images of

HYP: who retired from New Jersey.
REF: She was a retiree from New Jersey.

HYP: A crew that kidnapped women came and caught
REF: A crew of trappers were able to capture the alligator

HYP: that weighs about 700 to 700 pounds.
REF: and weighed about 600 to 700 pounds.

HYP: in Florida but there have been three murders
REF: in Florida, but there have been three fatal incidents

HYP: NASA said a 1,000-pound meteorite crashed into the Earth's pyramid
REF: NASA said a 1,000-pound meteor entered Earth’s atmosphere

HYP: crashed into several pieces that hit the ground near
REF: It broke into several pieces before hitting the ground

HYP: was also very short on the earthquake.
REF: that it felt like a brief earthquake.

HYP: The shooter escaped but may have taken a gun with him
REF: The shooter escaped and may have taken the gun with him

HYP: Emergency responders didn't have the gun.
REF: because authorities didn't find a gun at the scene.

HYP: Police said they know the suspected student
REF: Police said they know who the suspect is

HYP: He had a skullcap and had an astronaut suit.
REF: wearing a hoodie with an astronaut on it.

HYP: caused at least three people to die.
REF: that have caused at least three deaths,

HYP: The mosquito is called Petronas-Aregoriana.
REF: bacteria called Pseudomonas aeruginosa,

HYP: the Elmo's Pant's fece.
REF: Delsam Pharma's Artificial Tears.

HYP: The second update on the Mar-a-Lago classified information
REF: The second update is on the Mar-a-Lago classified

HYP: documents cases.
REF: documents case.

HYP: after they left the White House.
REF: after he left the White House.

HYP: This may be to remove Trump's attorneys who can leave
REF: because it could take away Trump's attorneys' ability

HYP: He hit him down on the floor and the guard ran
REF: The gun then fell to the floor and the security guard was able

HYP: the suspect when police later arrested,
REF: The suspect was then arrested by police officers.

HYP: was charged with at least two felonies.
REF: He is charged with at least two felonies and

HYP: On March 13, the four people were on
REF: On March 13, four people who were sailing on

HYP: the size is as large as the dump.
REF: that was as big as the sailboat.

HYP: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.
REF: See you tomorrow and stay with the light.

HYP: In Massachusetts, a woman named Anna Wallech,
REF: In Massachusetts, a woman named Ana Walshe,

HYP: Her workers reported her missing on January 4.
REF: her coworkers on January 4.

HYP: misdirecting investigators.
REF: misleading investigators.

HYP: Law enforcement searched a huge search for Alan last week at
REF: Police conducted a large search for Ana last week around

HYP: Prosecutors said they found Brian's internet
REF: Prosecutors said they found that Brian's internet records

HYP: on an axle.
REF: is wearing an ankle bracelet.

HYP: the Patriot missile defense system.
REF: the Patriot missile defense system.

HYP: Ukrainian missile defense system to Ukraine,
REF: a Patriot missile defense system to Ukraine and

HYP: The rocket can also land Japanese outside or
REF: The system is also capable of shooting down enemy aircraft

HYP: Hamlin said he feels that he sees a lot of comment
REF: Hamlin said it is an amazing feeling to see the outpouring

HYP: pulling out at an office park.
REF: vacating office space.

HYP: Attorney General Merrick Garland was appointed U.S. attorney
REF: Attorney General Merrick Garland then assigned a U.S. Attorney

HYP: that the documents should be sent to
REF: and vice-presidential documents to be turned over to

HYP: A special jury in Georgia that is investigating
REF: A special grand jury in Georgia that was investigating whether

HYP: the 2020 election.
REF: related to the 2020 election.

HYP: start its Artemis program.
REF: start its Artemis program.

HYP: was delayed due to liquid coating and bad weather
REF: but there were delays due to fuel leaks or bad weather caused

HYP: The rocket is called Space Launch System (STD) did not have
REF: The Space Launch System (SLS) rocket did not carry

HYP: They will be on a two-week trip to the Moon,
REF: that will go on a three-week journey to the moon and

HYP: because Poland is a member of NATO.
REF: because Poland is a NATO member.

HYP: officially run for the presidency in 2024.
REF: he is officially running for the presidency in 2024.

HYP: Trump's daughter Ivana, a former White House aide
REF: Trump's daughter Ivanka, who was a former White House aide,

HYP: lying on the ground.
REF: and pinned him to the ground.

HYP: The gunman's name is Jeremy Giffin.
REF: The gunman's name is Jeremy Griffin.

HYP: a charter bus and returned to a group from D.C.
REF: a charter bus as it returned to campus from a class trip to D.C.

HYP: Witnesses said he thought Jones would shoot all over
REF: The witness said they thought Jones would shoot everyone

HYP: after surgery.
REF: from a hospital.

HYP: The coach's said he feels like he's gone through bad dreams.
REF: The coach said he feels like he has been in a nightmare.

HYP: war in 2021 and with concealed weapon in 2021.
REF: run in 2021 and had a concealed weapons charge that same year.

HYP: Here are today's top stories.
REF: Here are today's top stories.

HYP: at least one person was killed and eight were injured.
REF: At least one person was killed and nine were injured.

HYP: European weapons equipment this Ukrainian one.
REF: U.S. or European defense aid packages.

HYP: a golf coast that contained six people,
REF: a golf cart that was carrying six people.

HYP: it would have to interfere in legal troubles as
REF: potentially cause legal peril.

HYP: A House committee can remove Trump's tax returns.
REF: a House committee can obtain Trump's tax returns.

HYP: A 41-year-old mother, who lived in Norfolk, South Carolina,
REF: A 41-year-old mother in Norfolk, Nebraska,

HYP: 23 weeks to give an abortion medicine in April.
REF: at about 23 weeks with abortion pills in April.

HYP: were sent messages about medical treatment to cause
REF: They exchanged messages about using medicine to induce

HYP: Her 18-year-old daughter told police that it was unexpected
REF: The teenager daughter told police that she unexpectedly

HYP: a bus station to enter a Facebook page
REF: a search warrant to gain access to Facebook messages to

HYP: is going to be a leak at 9:02 p.m. today.
REF: It will reach its peak illumination at 9:36 pm ET.

HYP: USA Today explained that it is typical
REF: USA Today explained that August's full moon is

HYP: This kind of snail is easily damaged in a huge lake
REF: because the fish is easy to catch in the Great Lakes

